Freddy / Gabriel (1)
   - Withered (2)
   - Phantom (3)
   - Toy (2)
   - Golden (1, 2)
   - Nightmare (4)
   - Rockstar (PS)
   - Glamrock (10)
   - Mask (4)
Minichez
(Attack) / (Dead child)





(Bully) 
Bonnie / Jeremy (1)
   - Withered (2)
   - Toy (2)
   - Nightmare (4)
   - Rockstar (PS)
   - Mask (4)
~Frying Pan~ 
(Attack) / (Dead child)


(Bully)
Chica / Susie (1)
   - Withered (2)
   - Phantom (3)
   - Toy (2)
   - Nightmare (4)
   - Glamrock (10)
   - Mask (4)
   - Carl the Cupkek
~Frying Pan~
(Attack) / (Dead child) / (Cupkek)




(Bully)
Foxy / Fritz (1)
   - Withered (2)
   - Phantom (3)
   - Mangle (2)
   - Funtime (SL)
   - Nightmare (4)
   - Mask (4)
Minichez
(Runner) / (Dead child)




(Bully)
Springtrap (3)
   - Scrap Trap (7)
   - William Afton 
   - Glitchtrap (9)
   - Spring Bonnie
Minichez
(Attack) / (Murder)
Funtime Freddy & Bon Bon (SL)
-Molten Freddy (7)
~Frying Pan~
(Attack)
Nightmare Fredbear (4)
Minichez
(Attack)
Puppet (2)
Lefty (7)
Phantom Puppet (3)
Charlie (neverish)
~Frying Pan~
(Runner) (Dead Child)
Security Guard (1,2,3,5,6,7,8) 


Minichez
Crying Child (4)
~Frying Pan~
(Defend) (Good) (Attack) (Dead Child)
Vanny (VR)
~Frying Pan~
(Playtester) / (Attack) 
Nightmare (4)
Minichez
(Attack)
Psychic Friend Fredbear (4)
~Frying Pan~
(Unaligned) / (Stuffed) / (Hes here hes there hes everywhere- WHO YOU GONNA CALL? PSYCHIC FRIEND FREDBEAR!)
Shadow Bonnie (2,3)
Minichez
(Attack)
Lolbit (SL) 
~Frying Pan~
(Annoyance) (The best UvU)
Phone Bitches / HandUnit / That sorta thing (1,2,3,4,5,maybe6,idk-,VR)
~Frying Pan~
(Annoyance) (Helpful) (Reversed And In The Background) (only really useful the first time you hear)
Henry
~Frying Pan~
(Arsonist) (Cassette Bitch) 
Circus Baby / Elizabeth
Ballora
Minichez
Minichez



{William Afton, 10:00 AM} 
What’s the best way to commit murder? This question often found its way into his head. He grinned as he though on that. It would have to be the knife; the feeling of the blade slipping into the victim… The feeling of them squirming… Being right there… Seeing the look in their eyes as they realized that you had bested them. Yes, the knife was the best way. 
William approached what was supposed to be a happy place. Today, however, it would be a sadistic place. He found himself around the building, breathing deeply. He searched for the back door before finding it a minute later. He slid it open silently, slipping inside and closing it behind him. He walked further into the dark hall, finding the storage closet. He eased it open and slipped into the dark room. He closed the door silently and flicked the light on. He was met with the familiar face of SpringBonnie. He grinned, reaching a hand out towards the golden fabric, breathing in deeply as his hand made contact. He stepped forwards, gently grasping it. He lifted, locking the springlocks inside into place. He slid the head over his own. He looked around for a moment, spotting the rest of the suit. No. Not a suit. A skin. He spotted the rest of the skin, waking over calmly. One did not rush a murder. One was supposed to take pleasure in slowly killing. He slid into the skin, fabric popping as it stretched. He breathed deeper. It was time.
He walked back towards the door, spring in his step a little more noticeable. He opened the door, stepping into the hall and turning towards the sound of playing children, dining families, and the clanking of food plates, cups, and pitchers. He danced out into the open, as if nothing were about to happen. He heard the sound of children laughing and clapping. Sounds of joy. He danced over to one lonely-looking kid. He stopped dancing in front of the child. He looked down, kneeling to go eye-to-eye with the little one.
With a smooth and melodic voice, he asked the child, “Why are you out here, away from the safety of friends?” It was not a question of a friendly nature, but to the child, he would seem caring. When the child least expected it, William could lead her away from the prying eyes of the dining families, towards the back room, and then he would have his opportunity.

{Susie}
Susie stared longingly at the other kids. She separated herself from them, thinking they were having a better time away from her sulking.
She looked up, and saw Spring Bonnie crouching next to her. She jumped a little. Then, it spoke to her. “Why are you out here, away from the safety of friends?” The question caught her by surprise. She knew the answer, but didn't want to verbalize it. “I just wanted some time alone, that's all.”

(William Afton}
William cocked his head slightly. “Oh. What happened?”

{Susie} 
Susie wanted to lie, but then she thought It's just an animatronic. Telling it the truth won't hurt! "Well, my dog died, and I don't want to ruin the mood for them!” 

{William Afton}
William blinked. Hmm. This girl seemed to be genuinely upset about losing an animal. He didn’t understand why; he’d killed puppies for fun. He loved watching them drown in their own blood… But that’s not what he needed to be thinking about. Watching this girl bleed out would be much more satisfying. Which meant he needed to seem compassionate, even if he didn’t truly have that capacity. “Oh no! I’m sorry for your loss. Would you like a hug?” He twitched. He didn’t see the point in this. It made him feel all tingly. This wasn’t what he was here to do, but if it made the bloodbag trust him, he’d suffer through it.

{Susie} 
Susie wanted to refuse, ‘cause hugging an animatronic sounded… weird. But… a hug sounded nice. And SpringBonnie looks… huggable? Questioning her sanity, she hugged it. She cringed a little. She was freaking hugging an animatronic! 

{William Afton}
He flinched slightly. The child actually hugged him? Unthinkable. Yet here he was, getting hugged by a child. However, he would deal with this just as long as he needed to. Once the girl trusted him… Just thinking about it gave him a sadistic satisfaction. He would get what he came here for. “Is there anything else you would like to talk about?” The words left a sour taste in his mouth. Had he said that? Yes, he had. Unfortunate that this girl wasn’t as stupid as some of the others.

{Susie} 
Susie thought about that for a second. “I mean, other than the fact that I just hugged a robot and am probably going insane? Not really, no.” 


{William Afton}
So the girl did think of him as a robot. Good. She didn’t know - didn’t expect - what would happen to her. “Hey.. I have a present for you. Do you like presents?” If he could lure this girl to the back room…

{Susie}
The pain of losing her dog was long forgotten, replaced with happiness. "I do like presents!” 

{William Afton}
William’s grin widened. Fortunately, this girl couldn’t see that. The skin hid his gruesome face from her. He slowly stood, motioning for the child to follow as he walked towards the back room.”I hid it from the other children so they couldn’t take it...”


{Susie} 
Spring Bonnie hid it? Sounds like I have to find it? That would be fun! She followed, excited to play seeker. 

{William Afton}
He opened the door to the storage closet. It wasn’t a dinky little thing like you might think it was, it expanded for a good two hundred feet, with plenty of shelves for storage, and a separate room for costumes. He truly could have hid something here. However, he had not cared enough to buy a present for someone he was planning on killing anyways. Nor had he gone through the effort of raiding the gift shop. He just didn’t care enough. “I hid it in here. Can you find it?”

{Susie} 
“I'm not sure, but I can try!” She smiled, and began searching through the dusty boxes. She let out a little sneeze as some dust flew up to her face. 

{William Afton}
William didn’t have time to let the girl search for long. After a minute of her searching happily, he slowly slipped a knife out from the suit while she was distracted rummaging through a box. He crept forward silently, coming up behind her. “Here’s your present..” His voice was no longer the soft and smooth voice of Spring Bonnie, it was now the rough and deep voice of William Afton. He pressed the knife into her back, twisting it roughly, feeling it slip inside. He grinned with a sadistic satisfaction. He slid it up to her neck, not letting any blood pool out. He roughly yanked it to the side, leaving a jagged cut across the child’s neck. He stepped back after plunging the knife through her back and into her little heart. Before he let go, he felt the weak, rhythmic pulse of the heart slow against the blade.
He let her go, the limp body dropping to the floor. He’d have to find a way to hide that in a minute, but for now, this would work. He had noticed a child out front, all alone…
He made sure that there wasn’t any blood on the skin, easing the door open and entering the hall once again. He danced back out and towards the door. Once there, he stuck his head out, looking for the kid. He spotted the child and whispered, “Hey. I need your help. Someone’s hurt.” His own voice had once again turned to that melodic soothing and soft voice.
He grinned. Another body in the bag...


TIME SKIP- MAY COME BACK TO THIS SHIT ANOTHER TIME-  for now lets just say shit went back to normal because Chica would shut the psychopaths down, stick a sign on them, and yeet them at the front door- and that is how the rest of the time is handled- then Mango went beserk-

{Day Guard Jereshit), 8:30 AM}
Oh god oh god oh god oh god… His thoughts dissolved into chaos as he stared at the vent in fear, the sound of electrostatic interference hissing through the air, crackling loudly. Reaching for the camera tablet and bringing up the vent, he kept his eyes on said vent.  A moment later, his radio crackled, saying ‘Hey guard, y’know where the Mangleofucker thing is? The kids are bored.’ and startling him enough to drop the damned tablet.
It crawled out of the vent.
He knew he was fucked.
‘Mangle,’ as it was called, climbed up the wall, staring down at him for a couple of seconds, before…
He never found out what was supposed to happen next, considering how he died in a mere second.
To think that he had promised his kid he’d bring him to this place on his birthday.
Well, fuck.
Oh, there go the lights...

Blablabla… this place shuts down, the Toys get scrapped, and the Withereds are repaired or something- Shadow Bonnie can go burn in hell-


FNaF 1
{Mike Schmit (really Afton, but we dont talk about that)} 
Stepping over the debris- and landing on some gum, which caused him to gag -Mike slipped on a puddle of soda (Pepsi, from the looks of it) and whammed into the wall with a thunk.
Great way to start the night.
Groaning, he fell forward into the tiny office, sliding down the wall with another thunk.
God damn it.
He stood and stumbled over to the chair, collapsed into it, and sighed.
No, he wasn’t drunk.
Just a little tired.
‘Little’ being an understatement, in this case.
He shut the doors and faceplanted into the desk.
Let’s just take an hour-long nap...

{Phone Bitch}
“Hello, hello? Uh, I wanted to record a message for you to help you get settled in on your first night. Um, I actually worked in that office before you. I'm finishing up my last week now, as a matter of fact. So, I know it can be a bit overwhelming, but I'm here to tell you there's nothing to worry about. Uh, you'll do fine. So, let's just focus on getting you through your first week. Okay?
Uh, let's see, first there's an introductory greeting from the company that I'm supposed to read. Uh, it's kind of a legal thing, you know. Um, "Welcome to Freddy Fazbear's Pizza. A magical place for kids and grown-ups alike, where fantasy and fun come to life. Fazbear Entertainment is not responsible for damage to property or person. Upon discovering that damage or death has occurred, a missing person report will be filed within 90 days, or as soon property and premises have been thoroughly cleaned and bleached, and the carpets have been replaced.


Blah blah blah, now that might sound bad, I know, but there's really nothing to worry about. Uh, the animatronic characters here do get a bit quirky at night, but do I blame them? No. If I were forced to sing those same stupid songs for twenty years and I never got a bath? I'd probably be a bit irritable at night too. So, remember, these characters hold a special place in the hearts of children and we need to show them a little respect, right? Okay.


So, just be aware, the characters do tend to wander a bit. Uh, they're left in some kind of free roaming mode at night. Uh...Something about their servos locking up if they get turned off for too long. Uh, they used to be allowed to walk around during the day too. But then there was The Bite of '87. Yeah. I-It's amazing that the human body can live without the frontal lobe, you know?


Uh, now concerning your safety, the only real risk to you as a night watchman here, if any, is the fact that these characters, uh, if they happen to see you after hours probably won't recognize you as a person. They'll p-most likely see you as a metal endoskeleton without its costume on. Now since that's against the rules here at Freddy Fazbear's Pizza, they'll probably try to... forcefully stuff you inside a Freddy Fazbear suit. Um, now, that wouldn't be so bad if the suits themselves weren't filled with crossbeams, wires, and animatronic devices, especially around the facial area. So, you could imagine how having your head forcefully pressed inside one of those could cause a bit of discomfort...and death. Uh, the only parts of you that would likely see the light of day again would be your eyeballs and teeth when they pop out the front of the mask, heh.


Y-Yeah, they don't tell you these things when you sign up. But hey, first day should be a breeze. I'll chat with you tomorrow. Uh, check those cameras, and remember to close the doors only if absolutely necessary. Gotta conserve power. Alright, good night.”

Mike is staring at the phone in annoyance. No sleep. Right, the doors. He pressed the buttons next to said doors, watching them smoothly drop into the ground, then watched in astonishment as small floor panels slid up and covered the gap where the door now hid.
That was new to him.
Cool though.
Bonus, it was quick.
Could be helpful.

Footsteps are yes - MIKENOTICETHESOUNDS-

Mike looks out into the hall, nopes the fuck out of the hall, and closes the door.
What the fu-
Wait.
Didn’t that dude say something about freeroam?
Not cool.
Great.
Right, Foxy. The camera is now on Foxy, who is peeking his head out of the curtain.

Bonnie just sittin at the door- how nice of him- 

Mike is on the ground hyperventilating. Fuck fuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuckfuck- calm I’m calm I’m calm, I’m calm, I’M CALM.

Stay Calm starts playing somewhere in the pizzashitplace-

Mike is having an argument with himself for a couple of minutes before he calms down enough to check the door.

Bonnie fucked off because he got bored-

Door is now open.
Mike decides to be creative and is now hunting for parts around the room. He has found almost all of them. Of course, he’s missing two. He looks out the door, debating whether or not it would be a good idea to go out there and find said parts.
Probably not.
But he needed those parts.
He walked back over to the shitty computer - which he would be upgrading later - and checked the building layout. Parts and Service was clear on the other side of the building. And all the stages were in clear sight of the doorway. And there was only one exit.
Great.
EMP?
Probably wouldn’t work.
The damned Animatronics were probably EMPS proof.

Time to do some sketchy shit- dodaaaaaadodaaaaaaa- hope I get away with it- ooh- tHeRe iS a HoOm iN tHe OfFiCe- imma just peek through the window now- 

Mike hears a click from the right side and gets the feeling he’s being watched.
Close the door?
Yeah.
Close the door.
Mike presses the button.
Door slides up from the ground.
Click.
Yes.
Okay.
Good.

Did that bitch just- iTs nOt LiKe I wAs GoIn iN- hMmMmMm- have I seen him before?

“NO!” Mike screeched, tapping away.
Oh right there were other animatronics to be worried about.

Wait- why did he say no? Not like im talking out loud- am I?

“You are. And I’m having a conversation with an animatronic. This is fine. Perfectly normal.”

O-o Alright then- I am Chica- 

“Hello. I’m Mike. Do you need anything?” For the love of god don’t open the door.

Um- just curious- 

“Okay.” Oh good the camera went down.
Foxy.
Oh shit.

Oi, guard? You paying any attention to me?
The camera's off.
OiOiOiOiOiOiOiOIOIoIoIoIoIOiOiOIOii.
I’m COMIN” IN-

Foxy shush- Im having a conversation- take a chill pill- if you dont leave I will literally dismantle you-

Mike has commit yelp and has tried to close the door.

Foxy is standing on the door panels.
Door cannot close.
Foxy is looking at Chica through the window.
Meh. I’m just gonna sit here.
Foxy is now sitting on the ground.

Mike is just staring at the animatronic.
Weren’t they supposed to like try to kill him?
Just don’t mention-
Don’t mention anything-
“C-can I help you??”
Stutter.
Ugh.

wHaTs GoIn oN hErE- Bonnie has joined the battle-

More yelping. “Hi?”

Oh dear god- we are gonna give the nightguard a panik attack- we haven't had one that even entered the office without freaking out in a long time-

Stumbling backwards, and gasping for breath, Mike stared at the animatronics in fear. Not even realizing he wasn’t breathing, he slid to the ground, subconsciously struggling to take in a breath of sweet air, 

Oh Foxy- you are really in for it now-

Oh right.
Foxy.
Mike is now hugging Foxy.

Bonnie and Chica just starin like “tf-”

Mike is feeling better now, but continues hugging the fox.
Foxy is just staring down at Mike, then up and Bonnie, then over to Chica with a look of ‘What the fuck get this maniac off of me.’

Chica stares back at him with a look of “if you ruin this precious moment you will lose your cursing abilities- and Afton will hunt you down AGAIN-”

Mike chooses to ignore that.
Foxy has given up and is now awkwardly patting Mike with his hand.

Bonnie committed “fuckthisshitimout”

Chica takes a picture- dont ask how- 

Foxy is glaring at Chica.
Mike has released the poor animatronic and is now poking at the computer.
Foxy is relieved.

That was adorable- Foxy you should do that with children more often-

Foxy is actually - worryingly - considering taking her up on that-

I never got your name guard- w h a t  i s  y o u r  n a m e 

Mike has frozen.
“Mike Schmit.”

kewl-

“I’m going to go get some parts from P&S, be right back…

I’d be careful- Bonnie is salty right now-

Mike is slowly going down the hall, watching for the salty bunny.
Foxy is silently following him. Just in case.

Chica is quickly goin back down the hall- 

Mike does a smart, sprints back to the office, opens door, then sprints back to Foxy.
I could have done that for you. I’m like 5x as fast as you.

Chica rushes to follow-

I think he knows that Foxy- stop bragging about it- makes me feel slow-

Sorry.
Freddy is on the stage listening to- you guessed it - Discord.
Foxy stares at the bear.
Said bear looks over to Foxy, grins- Mike has commit yelp -and then turns back to Spotify.
I still wonder how he got wifi out here.

Its okey- Freddy is the leader of the band- he needs to do SOMETHING other than play one song all the time- I just wish he’d share the secrets with me-

“True.”
But he won’t share the wifi password with ussssss-

FREDDY- PLEASE JUST TELL US YOUR SECRETS-

But then I would need to upgrade the wifi, which would cost an additional 8 dollars a month.

YoUrE aN aNiMAtRonIC- Animatronics dont pay bills- 

No, but it comes out of the guard’s pocket. Uh, that is, the day guard’s pocket.

I dont even know that guy’s name-

Exactly.
Mike is in P&S looking for shit.
Foxy is at the door watching the chaos.

WhAt ArE yOu DoIn iN mAh SwAmP?

Yelp.
Foxy has not noticed, as Freddy is now blasting Up and Down, much to the annoyance of Foxy.

If you dont switch that to Die in a Fire I steh- I will tell the dayguard to stop paying for the wifi-

Die in a fire is now playing.
“Hi??? I’m just looking for parts-”

… fine- Bonnie was mostly salty about Freddy playing Up and Down-

Freddy has taken it to the next level and is now playing Beat Saber. Yes, since he’s an animatronic, he can just throw himself into a VR environment.
Foxy is attempting to figure out how to start Beat Saber, but since the wifi only supports one person, he can’t.
He’s salty about that.

Chica is gonna pull a big brain and turn off Freddy.

Mike has found the parts he needs and has thrown them into his backpack which he found in P&S. Swinging it on his back, he waved goodbye to Bonnie and has walked out, and is now staring out the chaos in the main room.
Welcome to the chaos, Mike. Foxy mumbled, mentally fiddling with the wifi. Would you happen to know the wifi password?
“No?”
Damn.

Freddy- tell us the wifi password or I'm grounding you for a month.
Bonnie walked out and is staring at a poster
I figured out- its Freddy Fazbear-
Idiot- thats the logo for the pizzeria-

Foxy attempts to enter said password. Fails.
Yeah that’s not the password.
“Haha you’ll never guess the password.”
Foxy attempts.
Foxy succeeds.

WHATS THE PASSWORD- if it’s password-

“The password is literally ‘Haha you’ll never guess the password.’”

… wow- Thats really creative-
Chica/Bonnie enter said password- 

Freddy’s gonna be pissed when he gets back.

When did Freddy leave?

Foxy points is hook at Freddy, who is slumped over, very much turned off.
Mike suddenly has a very, very bad feeling-
The building’s lights are flickering now, some gold, some cold.

Chica and Bonnie look unbothered-

Mike suddenly gets the feeling that his life is in danger.
Golden Freddy steps out of the shadows, air around him ice cold.
Also known as, the temperature in the building just dropped 20 degrees.
Yeah, his life’s in danger.
Golden Freddy is looking at Mike, eyes cold and calculating.

Hai Golden! Meet Mike! Hes the first night guard since… ya know who- to actually make it to the office without running out of the room- also the first to talk to us- as equalish things-

Hello, Michael. Slight grin.
Oh fuck was the first thing to cross through his mind.
Foxy’s entire demeanor has changed from light and friendly to hostile and murderous.

Golden? Foxeh? Ya gud? 

Both of them simultaneously hissed, Michael Afton.

… It’s Mike Sch… sch- how- Mike- how do you say it?

“Schmit.” Mike mumbled, stepping sideways away from Foxy, who is currently only being kept from killing him by Golden Freddy.
Yeah, in danger.

Mike Schmit. 

Deceit. Michael, did you really expect to be able to… waltz in without me noticing?

Bonnie quickly steps in. Hey- maybe they just share a last name- I doubt he would still look this young- he actually looks younger-

Mike is feverently wishing that he can somehow survive this.
Golden Freddy shifts his icy gaze over to Bonnie.

Golden- dont let this end badly again- 

Freddy has reactivated.
Golden Freddy is looking at Mike again. Have anything to say, Afton?
Mike quickly - too quickly - shakes his head.

Golden- cut it out! There is no way in  h e l l  that is William.

No, it isn’t William… but his son. It’s the next best thing… William in the basement, unable to help as we slowly torture this one to death. And since he isn’t springlock-
Ignore that last part.

And? If my dad were a killer, that wouldnt mean I am one as well, right? And killing him just because hes his son would make us no better than William-

Mike has broken into a run-
Golden Reddy is watching him run to the office.

Dammit Golden- you scared him away.

Cold stare.

Not. Cool. 

Golden Freddy is wondering how to make them see the danger Michael poses.

Chica decides to try and do the opposite.

Wanna see a cute picture of Michael and Foxy?

Foxy is back to normal. Don’t you dare.

I. Dare. 

Foxy is looking from Golden Freddy to Chica and back.

Chica walks up to Golden Freddy, watching Foxy the entire time.

Golden Freddy is watching Chica with interest.
Foxy is struggling.

Chica shows the picture of Michael hugging Foxy to Golden with a big smirk on her face.

Foxy is dying.

S M I R K

Your chicken has a death wish. Foxy hisses.
Freddy is watch

I am nobody’s chicke- DID YOU BREAK THE WALL?

Foxy gives Chica an eyebrow. Not that you know of.
Anyways- this was adorable- Mike was having a panik attack- I got mad at Foxy, then Mike hugged Foxy! It seems Foxy is Mike’s favorite.

We’re goin’ off the rails on the crazy train~ Golden Freddy has commit mumble.

I- just- tell me if you think thats adorable- me and Bonnie do-

Golden Freddy reluctantly nods.

Foxy is dying even more.

If you show this side of you to kids more often- you- well- you are still gonna be the favorite- you’ve been the favorite- TwT

I’m in the corner of the room, with almost no light. FAVOURITE?

Yep- you are literally everyone’s favorite. 

What little good that did for Alec-
Uh. Golden Freddy is now staring at Foxy.
I mean- who the hell is Alec?
Better.

mUmBlE- its his fault- he was being a bitch on his sister’s birthday-

True.
The air is now another 5 degrees colder.

Golden- can you not? Its getting cold- 

We’ve agreed that I’m the one who’s supposed to break the wall.

Pretty much- yeah-

Golden Freddy is annoyed.
Mike is almost done setting up the doors to be automatic. Power conservation. Wire here, wire there, battery here, random animatronic eyeball there-
Miniature fire there-
Fire extinguisher here-

How’s that kid you cursed?

Probably not so good. I hear they stole his arm and eye. I’m magical that way.

… Im grounding you. 

Foxy is just staring at the chicken.

No Beat Saber until you find a way to make up. Idc if you never do. You are grounded until then.

Foxy goes back in time for a second, gives the kid a swift kick in the ass, then comes back. No dying now. Foxy is now playing Beat Saber.

I- i guess that works-

Foxy grins, then ducks to the ground. Stupid walls. BLOCKBLOCKBLOCK- rapid slicing occurs.
Mike has connected the Automation wires to the computer, which has automation wires connected to the door control panel… which has power wires running to the batteries, which also has power cables running to the automation sensors outside the door...

… imma just check on Mike- you’re weirder than me when I lose Carl- Chica is now walking down the wrong hallway-

One automation sensor is quietly beeping now.
Mike is looking up at the computer, which essentially said:
[MOTION DETECTED]
[OH SHIT]
[THE FUCKIN’ ANIMATRONIC’S ABOUT A QUARTER DOWN THE HALLWAY]
It didn’t actually say that, but that’s what it felt like… 

Chica is at the door

Automation sensor is beeping quickly now. Door automatically slams closed.
Happy Mike.

eXcUsE mE?!

“Oh, it’s automatic.” typing.

… can ya please oPeN-

Automation sensor beeps four times quickly, twice slowly, then four times quickly. Door opens. “Come on in. it’ll close in 7 seconds.”

Quick running in-

“Careful not to trip on all the wires, please.” Door slams shut again.

Im more concerned about how you did all this in one night-

“The computer had a lot of the code already.” Computer beeping.

… well- maybe keep that away from ykw- he wouldnt like knowing you know how to do this- I barely convinced him you’re not a security threat by showing him the picture of you and Foxy-

“It barely works. If it gets triggered too many times in a row the processer will blow out.” Mike points to the janky-ass processer setup on the back wall, with plenty of flashing indicators. “But I won’t let him see it.”

Also- a little warning- Golden doesnt usually come out on his own- you usually have to summon him- so- dont summon him-

“Okay.” Automation sensor beeping rapidly.
Banging on the door.

Oh hi there Foxy!

Can I come in?
“Yes.” typing, beeping, door opening, explanation, Foxy entering, door closing, more beeping. Mike is squished against one wall at this point. Damned office is too small for two animatronics and a human.

Chica gives him a look that warns him to not try anything- trust level 0-

Foxy gives her an of course not look.

S m i l e- 

“Don’t kick the batteries!” Mike yelps and catches it before it falls over.
Foxy makes a ‘sorry sorry’ noise.
How long until the night ends?

Mike points to the clock - which has many wires coming out of it - which says ‘0:00 OH OW oooooo.’

… tf- did you break the clock?

“Probably.”

I- I have no words- im 90% sure you’re gonna have to pay for all this-

“Meh. It probably shouldn't be broken.”

… no- no it should not be broken- it should N E V E R  be broken- wHy dId YoU eVeN nEeD iT-

“I needed a quartz crystal and i didn’t want to break the clock.”

I- you- oh for the love of Henry-

“I’m not Henry.”

HowdoyouknowHenry-

“WillIAm dRAGGed mE-” voice crack.

Ya gud?

“Yes.”

Where did William drag you?

“-tO thEIr HoUSe- at least Charlie was gone-”

Wait. What about Charlie?

“Nothing.” Mike looks at the clock, unplugs a wire, plugs it back in, and boops a button. Clock works now.

Well it cant be  n o t h i n g. Why is it good that Charlie was gone? Where did Charlie go? 

“It doesn’t matter.”

It does matter. T e l l  m e-

“I don’t like her that much.” Clock is now beeping.

Chica is questioning whether to say what she wants to say or not- sHe gOnNa SaY iT- Do you know what happened to her?

Mike is quietly making the clock stop beeping. Clock is now fixed.

Is that going to far?

“What?”

I was just curious if you knew what happened to her.

“I am not aware of what happened to her.”

When was the last time you saw her?

“No idea.”
Foxy is just watching them, back and forth, back and forth.

Lets just say- your father is- dIsGuStInG-

Mike is silently contemplating his existence.

Sorry- that sounded rude-

Mike is ignoring the comment. Clock is now flashing, ‘Please oh god help me’ over and over again.

Why is the clock-

Don’t ask. Foxy mumbled.

Too late- am asking

Clock is now flashing, ‘Someone get this bitch’s fingers out of my head.’
“I might have accidentally made it sentient.”

Chica stares at the clock- alarmed and curious- then confused- Hold up- how did you do that? 

Gestures towards the processer in the back of the room.

… at least it ain’t like us-

Disconnects wires. Clock is now flashing the time.
[3:00]

HOW- ITS ONLY BEEN ONE HOURRR?!

“What?”

ALL THIS HAPPENED- IN ONE HOUR-

“IT’s 3:00 AM- oh.”

Here I was thinkin the night was almost over-

“Oh?”

Freddy is currently changing the wifi password.
Golden Freddy is cracking said passwords immediately.
Bonnie is just trying to update the playlists-

Foxy is remotely switching Bonnie’s songs from stuff he likes to stuff that he doesn’t like.

FOXY I WILL SLAP YOU-

You can’t get to me. Up and Down.

Bitch-

Miss YOU! is now playing.

THATS IT! IM GOING TO TELL THE DAYGUARD TO STOP PAYING FOR SPOTIFYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY-

Doors suddenly open. “Oh f-” *rapid button pressing.*

Bonnie is already at the door, staring down Foxy.

Door slides up slowly.

Bonnie is already inside. Foxy~

Foxy is attempting to open other door. Door is refusing to open. Processor is currently crying. Mike is trying to override the security lockdown. Shit is broken.

Oh Foxy. You better fix it, or I will make sure you dont have Beat Saber ever again.

Doors slide open. Foxy is poof. Doors close again. Playlist is fixed, but White Tee is playing.

eYe TwItCh

Oh Mike. Please let me out. A certain Foxy needs to be punished. Imma see if I can get GF to take his Wifi access away.

Mike is typing away furiously. Doors are sparking.

You are about to break the doors- i steh if you break the doors-

“The doors will be fine.” Doors are clearly not fine as they open.

Ohdeargod-

“The doors are fine.” smoke filling the air.

We should probably run-

“No, that’s from the processer back there.” points at the smoking processer. “That’s gonna be a pain to fix.”

I think im gonna run-

Chica and Bonnie run-

Mike sets to work fixing all his stuff.

Bonnie sees Foxy, and immediately runs at him.

Flash flash. Blink. Beep. Automation noises.

Foxy~ We werent done talking yet~

Foxy has yelped. I fixed it!

Golden Freddy is looking down the hallway quizzically. Anyone know what’s going on down there?

Mike’s doing stuff. Dunno what though.
I’m tempted to go check.
That wouldn’t be-
-a good idea. Something I’ve heard all my… life. I don’t give a shit. Golden Freddy has begun his slow walk down the hall.
Mike has fixed his magic shit and it is all working now.
Golden Freddy is at the door.
Doors slam shut in his face.
Golden Freddy is now worried.

Chica rushes over, seeing Golden go down the hall. Sorry- hes trying to make improvements- abouttimetoo-

“I shouldn’t open the door, should I?”
Golden Freddy gives him a ‘what do you think’ look.

If you wanna say hi to Golden, then sure-

Typing noise ensues. Door slides open.
Golden steps in and is just staring at the mass of wires everywhere.

Like I said- I m p r o o o o o o v e m e n t s

Clearly.

Welcome to the big brain room. Where Foxy almost died again-

Door automatically closes behind them.
Golden Freddy gives Chica a ‘Told you he was a threat’ look.
Mike is oblivious, as he is continuing to upgrade things

Chica rolls her eyes at GF, cause he's being ridiculous. 

The floodlamps just outside the door flicker on briefly before going out again.

Alright then- that is not concerning AT ALL-

“I’m just hooking all these systems up to the automation grid… don’t mind me.”
Golden Freddy is giving off freeze waves.

GOLDEN IM GETTING COLD- 

“This tech is heat sensitive. Could you perhaps, keep it r-”
DO NOT TELL ME WHAT TO DO, MORTAL.
Blink.

Okay Golden- I think you may be salty- Maybe we get outta here for a little bit-

Door automatically opens.

Chica walks to the doorway, and waits for Golden to follow.

Golden huffs and walks out, leaving a small trail of ice behind him.

Damn- didnt know you were that icy Freddy i’ve been seeing-

Foxy is simply attempting to fucking beat Up and Down on Beat Saber and FUCKING FAILING and HE”S BEEN DOING THIS FOR HOURS NOW AND HE KEEPS ONLY GETTING TO THE FUCKING NOODLE BLOCKS AND IT’S DRIVING HIM INSANE. Then he’s pissed when the wifi dies.
WHO KILLED THE WIFI?!?
Wasn’t me.
Nor me.

That would probably be whoever is resetting the wifi-

“That would be me.” Mike.
Annoyed fox noises.

Eh- at least you get a break-

Foxy is now on the ground struggling to catch his- animatronics don’t breathe… but this one does- but like, IF THEY”RE ANIMATRONICS- THE NIGHTMARES- NFIUASIUDJA LOGIC- breath.

Has Beat Saber really taken over your undead life?

No. Waves to his experiments on his stage.
Wifi briefly turns on, then blinks out again.
Annoyed fox noises.
Annoyed Mike noises.
Pissed GF noises.
Confused bear noises.

Vibing bunny noises.
Facepalming chican nugget noises.

Foxy is vibing with Bonnie.
Golden Freddy is wondering how this has happened.
Freddy is in a rage- he was on the leaderboard of Warbots.io when the wifi went dead.
Mike has electrocuted himself~ and he’s fine~

Bonnie moves the vibe party closer to Freddy so he can stop raging

Vibing bear.
Wifi is somewhat alive again… but it’s 18x faster right now...

Bonnie turns up the music so the entire building can hear.

Mike vibing while trying to not electrocute himself be like oWo. Wifi is back to normal, by the way. ‘cept it’s super-duper ultrafast and costs 85 dollars a month.

Nobody is noticing the wifi is back cause they all vibing to I Cant Fix You- 

All of the smartspeakers in the building chime up with ‘wireless connection succeeded. Connecting to Spotify player.’ moments later they’re all simultaneously and in sync blasting I Can’t Fix You.

Shit happens, night ends, whatever, phone guy fuck off-

Phone Guy: I will not fuck off thank you- I am forever here- haunting the phone- 

Night two~

Golden Freddy is seriously wondering if he should call in a favour from SF at this point.
Foxy is sleep~ stayed up all day playing Beat Saber in the back room~

Chica bout to kick his ass- hE wAs SuPpOSeD tO hUg ChIlDrEn-
F o x y- F O X Y-

What~ I’m AWAKE AWHATSNAI what~

Did you hug the children today?

No-

And why not?

I was busy.

Doing  w h a t?

… Beat Saber-

… mhm … 

DOn’t kill me~

Chica has to decide 1 of 2 things. But first, she powers Foxy off so he cant run away.
So- Remove his access to Beat Saber, or make sure he hugs children tomorrow- why not both?
So she removes his access to Beat Saber and will make sure he hugs the children tomorrow. 

Foxy is annoyed in his sleep~ turns on.

So you gonna hug children tomorrow?

Brief pause. N-y-n-y-n-yes-

Good. Now- if you are lying- I will break your other “experiments” 

Foxy has made a defensive hissing noise. TOUCH THEM AND DIE.

Oh how I wish I could.

Could what?
Mike has entered the building. Doors in the office automatically slam open~

Ditch Freddy’s and actually have a gud afterlife-

I’ll drink to that~ wait I can’t drink~ Foxy is making sad noises now.

I have an idea- what if we just sit in a doorway until it collapses and destroys us!

“Won’t work! Doors have safety systems which keep them from closing on people!”

Fuck-

It’s a good thing, most of the time. Sad horny fox noises.

Well standing in the rain wont work. Charlie’s animatronic did that- and- well- Charlie possessed it- AnD iT cOnTiNuEd tO fUnCtIoN-

True. Fire?

That could work. But how do we start a fire?

Die In a Fire conveniently playing in the background.
I have no idea. Maybe we can sacrifice Golden Freddy to the gods and turn him into a flame?

That sounds like a good idea. I know Henry is an arsonist. And kinda a god. wE cOuLd SaCrIfIcE GoLdEn tO hEnRy-

ABSOLUTELY NOT. I WILL NOT BE SACRIFICED. Angry voice in the sky~

See? Even Golden is agreeing to sacrifice himself! Lets do it!

Screeching Golden Freddy noises

Chica preparing to summon and sacrifice.

Hey Mike! I need to use the cameras.

Little robot thing drives itself over to Chica, extends a camera pad up out of its head, and says ‘HERE YOU GO, SIR!’

… 1- how- 2- how- 3- SIR?!

“Sir, I detect a hint of anger in your voice. May I do anything else?”

… its fine-
Chica starts spam tapping certain cameras.
GOLDEN GET OVER HERE-

Golden Freddy is pissed-
Every time Chica taps a camera, the little bot says, ‘Boop’ but since she’s tapping so fast, it sounds like ‘BooBooBooBooBooBooBooBooBooBooBooBooBoopleasestopBooBooBooBooBoohelpmeplease-’

*continues booping*

Foxy is staring down at the little robot with confusion.
Golden Freddy has appeared, and is also staring at the bot, but with disgust.

FOXY! HOLD GOLDEN!

What.

HOLD GOLDEN! I'M GONNA SUMMON HENRY!

Absolutely not. Golden Freddy is calm panic.
Golden Freddy has been grabbed by Foxy.
Golden Feddy: *Squeak*

Chica is doing a ritual to summon Henry.

Golden Freddy’s voice has gone up 2 octaves. Let me go!

Chica is halfway through the ritual.

More screeching. I WILL FUCK YOU. Not like that. Not like that not like that nOT LIKE THAT-
Foxy is struggling greatly.

Bonnie is staring at this mess-
Which side needs more help?

hElP uS- Foxy screeches, just before Golden Freddy knees him… you know where. Foxy is now on the ground having no breath left.
Golden Freddy shrugs. That works. Turns his focus to Chica.

Bonnie runs and tackles Golden.
THAT IS ILLEEEEEEEEEEGAAAAAAAAAAAALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL-

Foxy is wheezing at this point.
Golden Freddy grin- Mistake 1) Making contact with me. Bonnie now has virus yeeted in him.

O-o im sorry- wHaT? How tf- 

I will not explain my magic to petty mortals. Golden Freddy stands, brushes himself off, and goes back to freezing the chicken.

Chica has finished the ritual.

Fuck. Poof.

Henry is now a thing- congrats Chica- this is 100% NOT what is supposed to happen-

Logic died awhile ago.
Mike is busy working on a flamethrower, which is refusing to work.

Henry is looking around like this is a different universe.

Foxy has recovered and is standing again. Hello.

“Um- hi- why-”

We need you to set us on fire, please.

“I- that’s an unusual request- but- I got teleported here- so there is that-”

Why hello Henry-

“... Hi Chica?”

IT ACTUALLY WORKED-

“What are you doing???” Surprised Michael.

Um- summoning our creator? 

Much breathing problems.
Foxy is watching Mike have a panic attack.

Wait dont panik- we’re probably making your life much easier! We just need to sacrifice the animatronics! wHiCh wE aRe-

Golden Freddy is a pissed off ghost bean.
“W- okay then.:”

The Phone Guy’s spirit takes Henry by the hand. “Im sorry. Your summoning session has ended. Mr. Emily must go now.” Then he yeets Henry back to wherever the fuck he came from-

I- well shit-

Foxy is surprise.
Mike is struggling to english well. “Wha-”

… should I try again? 
“No. I dont want to have to yeet people more- just- get on with your fuckin night-”

“Is phone guy talking to us? Because he’s supposed to be D E A D.”

“I  A M  dead- those robotic fuckers-”
OI- WE’RE RIGHT HERE-

HEy- Robot protest noises.
Mike faceplants into the wall. “This isn’t how this is supposed to be happening- I’m supposed to be running for my life around in the office while slamming doors in your face- not that I’m complaining-”

We are the best, I know-

Happy Mike sounds.
Pissed off universe sounds.
*Images of Flyker telling the universe, ‘Would you rather I have killed you instead of Fate?’*

UwU

Okay can we start the night noises coming from Foxy.

We already did noises coming from Chica.

We really didn’t though.

Just because we arent killing Mike doesnt mean the night hasnt started.

True enough.
“Yes’nt. Wait what. ELIZABETH OUT OF MY HEAD.”

… Elizabeth? Who dat?

It’s- never mind, the wall needs to get fixed again-

*Flyker has done shit, turns time back*

Elizabeth’s his sister.

oH- that- alright- How old is your sister?

“13.”

Kewl. I  w a n t  t o  m e e t-

The wall can’t handle that, Chica.
“I don’t think-”

I. W a n t.  T o.  M e e t.

“The wall can’t handle that, Chica.”
Mike just being silent-

Fuck the wall. Well- dont- but- let the wall break- I want  to meet Mike’s sister-

Is that a good idea?
Freddy has awoken. Is busy playing Beat Saber again.

Its a  G R E A T  idea- 

NO. THE WALL.
Freddy smacks himself in the face on accident. Fackiondffoiadfnoasadfnaosidf noBLOCKSDIETODAY

I want to meet her. Besides- im 90% sure William is getting suicidal- we need SOMETHING- a little motivation- So that Cassidy kills him- and not he kills him-

“Okay fine. Where is she.”

hOw dO I kNoW?

No idea.

Mike, can you bring your sister tomorrow? I wanna meet her!

“Sure.” Fire in office. Panic Mike. Mike grabs fire extinguisher, bashes the fire to death, and figures out wtf happened/

Chica watches-
Bonnie is still napping

Foxy is help. Fire is gone.

Wtf happened-

Mike points at the processor, which caught fire when the fans stopped working for too long.

oH-

“It was shit anyways.”

Alright then-

Mike is now rebuilding shit. Better than last time.

Have fun with that- WHO WANTS TO VISIT THE PSYCHOPATH?

Which psychopa- oh that psychopath. Yeah sure.

Anyone else? Im avoiding a small party-

Mike agrees to go, as does Freddy. If it isn’t obvious, Mike is mad at le tecc.

gReAt- much smaller chance of needing to handle that thing-

Okay, let’s go. WAIT WAIT Mike. Cams. We need cams. Don’t ask why.
Mike grabs a random camera that he built because yes. “This should work.”
Okay let’s go.

Im gonna ask. Why do we need cams?

STALK THE BEAN, OF COURSE!

… which bean? 

The bean in the basement.

The bean we are about to visit?

Yeah, that one. Imma glue the camera to his head!
Mike making ‘oh my fucking god’ noises in the corner.

I like that idea- 

The beans dancing over to le door-
Mike makes sure the camera is ready to go and be glued to the bean’s head. It is indeed ready. Mike is ready to be happy. Remembers to dance back, grab a second cam, and then return to le group. “Second one so we can see his face >:)”

Alrighty- rEaDy?

“Yeah.”
DOOOOOOOR- Foxy swings the basement door open after picking the lock with his hook because SOMEBODY forgot the key.

GOLDEN?! CAN YOU GET THE KEY?!

I’m not doing anything for you. Besides, the braindead fox opened the door already. And no, I won’t give it to you for locking it- wait yes I will so he can’t escape… A demonic hole burns up through the ground, red, harsh light and many a scream pouring from it. Key spits out. Hole seals.

See. We can get along.

Foxy and Mike start down the stairs. Foxy’s eyelights click on.

Should I lock the door now?

Hell yes.
Hell no.
YES.
NO.
YES.
N O.
Yes.
Yes. WAIT NO-

Im locking it-

Okay.
Thank you.

*le lock*
Foxy can unlock it when we leave- 
*swallow le key*

Foxy makes an annoyed sound before stumbling around the last corner.
“Ah, visitors to stab?” jangling noises. “And children to eat?”

Not to stab- and no- you probably dont want to eat this overgrown child-

“Eeeexcuse me?” Mike is annoyed.
William looks over at the bunny. “You haven’t fed me in ages.”
We aren’t supposed to!

Unfortunately you are still here- Im just gonna assume Golden did shit-

“Ahhh, I could say the same for you. And yes, he’s been nice, visiting every once in a while. And don’t worry about anything, you’ll get your demise.... soon enough…” Maniac cackling.

Well I should hope so- Im bored- and with Foxy trying to beat Up and Down all day- 

Mike has begun the glue-fest.
William is pointedly ignoring the glue dripping down his face. “Flash.” Honking. “DASH.” More honking.
He’s lost his mind.

Chica is snorting-
It’s entertaining- 

Yeah.
“I have *HONK* not lost my mind, thank *WHEEZE* you.”
Second camera being glued on a stick, which is glued to le forehead.
William is now annoyed.

Yes. Yes you have.

“No no, no, no, no.” *Imitating echo*

You can say no you want. It literally changes nothing.

“Cameras are installed, I just need to hook them up.” Mike is wiring the cameras together, and wiring them up to a controller and a wifi router.

Alrighty.
Bonnie is looking at William a lil confused-
Arent you glad to see your son? 

“Yes’nt.” Echo.
Mike is busy gluing the other electronics together and to William’s head. Also, he pulls batteries out of his pocket and hooks them up.
wHaT doEs “Yes’nt” even meaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaan? 
Confused Chican nugget noises-

“YES’NT. YoU YESN’NT MUST.”
He’s definitely lost his mind.

wHaT dOeS iT mEaNnN- mIkE eXpLaIn-

“It means he’s lost his everloving mind.”
William nods his head.
“Don’t move your head. I’m still gluing things down.”
William has stopped moving.

Would you like to see your daughter?

“What?” William is paying attention now.

Bonnie repeats.
Would you like to see your daughter? 

“YES.” Screech of the William.
Mike has complete.

Well, you can thank Mike. He said he will bring her here tomorrow. 

William looks up at Mike. “ThA*HOUNK*nK yoU *HOUNQ*.
Confused Mike noises.

For his sake, im gonna say he said thank you.

“That’s what I said.” William is very much insane~
Mike has plugged le cameras in and is currently testing them.

When was the last time we did a weapon check?
When Bonnie is afraid- which is rare, because Golden doesnt really scare him-

Um. A really long time ago?
Mike has commit scamper away. “Weapons check?”

I mean- he did kill us- its best to check that he doesn’t have anything-

“True.”
Foxy is looking at Bonnie. I did it last time. It’s your turn. And no, you can’t change my mind.

… well shit- Foxy- just be ready to stop him- 

Concerned fox noises.
Maniac murderer noises.

Scared bunny noises- 
Slowly approaching the crazy murder grape.

Murder grape is now holding a stick meanacingly-

More scared bunny noises-

Mike being happy that the cameras work noises, then, let’s get the fuck outta here noises.
Murder grape stabby noises.

Golden, can I attack him?

Absolutely not. He needs to be prim and proper for the future, or we won’t get killed - again - and set free.

Then can you take the stick?! 

Stick glows golden, melts to nothing.
Good?

Good- thank you-
Proceeds to check for other thingz-

The Fox is busy picking the lock on the door.
Mike is helping.

Finds no other thingz-

Door pops open.
William making a run for it-
Fox foot to the foot-
William falling back down the stairs- much p a i n.

… wow- yeah lets go-

Le fox waits for everyone to leave, then slams the door shut and locks it.

Lets never do that again.
Well we already agreed to have him meet his daughter again- so- 

God damnit.
Mike being a sad depressed meep. Then realizes he gets to talk to his sis again.
Happy Mike.

Chica is now staring at the clock.
2:00- alright then- what chaos can I create now?

Oh no.

Dont act like you’re suprised-

I’m not.

Any recommendations?

NUKE.

Y E S.

Oh fuck

Carl. Are you ready?

WHo?

C A R L  T H E  C U P K E K

Oh right.

You will be the first one to feel the wrath of CARL. THE. CUPKEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEK!

nOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO-
Mike is in the office with the doors very much tightly shut.

C o w a r d-

Camera makes a staticy noise before his voice - all crackly and wheezy (crappy camera speakers, yay) - came through. “I heard that.”

I know you did. O p e n  u p!

Little door on the camera - which most certainly did not exist before Mike got here - pops open, little tazer named Tazy slides out, zaps Chica, then goes back into the camera.

OW! Tf iS tHaT sHoCkY tHiNg?!

“That’s Tazy.”

Triggered Chican nugget noises-
Wheezing Bunny noises
Staring Chican nugget noises-
Fearful Bunny noises-

Malfunctioning electronics noises.
Right door slides open.
“GooD thINg You’RE oN the lEft sIDe, Huh?”

Chica is already running to the right.

Mike disconnects the smart shit from the door panel and clicks the teeny-tiny lever inside from ‘normal’ to ‘lock’, causing the door to snap up closed before anyone gets in, then locks completely. No more opening, even without power. Another one of his upgrades :).

Chica is now standing outside the door like the triggered Chican nugget she is.

Mike is fear. “Good thing that door can’t open now. Oh I should probably lock the other door too.” Other door falls open with a crack and a bit of smoke from the motor. “Uhoh.”
Que Mike sliding the door up by hand- conveniently, he has little handles on the door for this very reason.

Bonnie climbs in.

Mike is fine with the bunny being here- slides door all the way up, holds it there with one hand (ow ow ow ow ow THESE THINGS ARE HEAVY), disconnects the smart wires from the door panel, then flipped the little lever to lock.

Bonnie looks around, then looks for the cameras.
Hopefully the cameras didnt fall off when he fell down the stairs-

Mike toggles a switch on a control panel, computer screen flips from the building cams to two side-by-side ones - WilliamA_Facecam and WilliamB_ViewCam (A is facing his face, B is seeing what he’s seeing.)
“They still work.”

Thats gud-
O P E N  U P!

“I’d rather not.” Lights flickering. “Oh fuck the power’s gonna go out.”

You shouldnt be worried. Chica wont  a c t u a l l y  hurt you. She’ll just yeet her cupcake. Just be happy it isn’t actually a nuke.

“Okay.” *Lights go out.* Doors conveniently stay closed because of the locks.

Fuck the power’s out. 
*casually drops le cupkek*
Imma go see if I can fix that-
Chica is now hunting around for some way to turn the lights back on.

“Okay.”

Freddy? How to turn the lights back on?

It’s in P&S, flip all the switches from ‘On’ to ‘Pilot Light’ then go to the basement panel at the top of the basement stairs and press the ‘PILOT_LiGHT’ button.

Thanks!
Proceeds to do the shit above-

Lights crackle back on,

That is- the first time i’ve ever done that-

I’ve never done it myself.
Mike is happy.

Chica is going to take a nap. 

Mike is fixing the doors. Which means that they’re open.

Carl stares at Mike.

Mike waves to Carl and gives the cupcake a lighter-

C h i c a !  A  l i g h t e r! :D

Mike has fixed 1 / 2 doors. The fixed door automatically slides up, then down. Click.

Chica and Carl are admiring the lighter. 

Foxy. We dont need Henry anymore. The lighter.

LIghTeR. Foxy appears.
Mike has fixed the other door.

Mike! You wont mind if I burn this place down, do you? You can get out now? 

Mike is staring at the animatronic. “I’d be fine with that, but, can I burn this place down?”

Sure. Golden? Ya gud with this? A certain someone would die as well.
Mike grabs the lighter and is now making a fire-basting contraption. AKA a firebomb.
Yes. I’m fine with it. No, he won’t die.

A couple of minutes later, bomb is hooked up to a power supply and Mike is saying goodbye to le animatronics who he’ll n e v e r see again-

Oh first let me do a ritual downstairs. I do intend on keeping one promise- Foxy- unlock the basement for meh-

Basement door slides open after Foxy picks the lock.

You wont mind standing guard, would you?

Foxy is standing guard.
Mike is insane and is  increasing the power of the bomb. More lighters, more C-4, more power. Don’t ask where he got the C-4.

Hi crazy person. We decided we are burning this place down!

“You’re gonna blow up the entire place- me included. oh fun. I guess I never get to see Elizabeth again-”

Y e p. So I decided you get to see your daughter today-

“Oh.”

Any other summoning requests? I might have time, if Mike doesn’t blow this place up early-

“Just Elizabeth is fine. Wait wait I wanna see CC too.” All is well in the Afton family~

Alrighty. Gimme a stick.

Stick in hand. Stick in claw. “thEre yA gO.”

A l r i g h t y. Any more sticks? 

Fourty sticks pour out of the walls.

… Im not gonna question that- 
Chica lines the sticks in a pattern.

Happy WIlliam sounds.

Chanting Susie sounds.

Faint children noises

Susie chants louder.
OEIuioeajfoijeaoppqjfoieajwesiojf epo(pretend this makes senseish) ieojfpoiaewjfoipawej poifjpawiesjpiewjspiojeapfe

Children appear, they were running in opposite directions, and they crash into each other.
Golden Freddy non-existence noises.
“WheEEEE- wait where are we…?” confused Elizabeth noises-

“... A place. With- oh hi.” Not at all concerned CC noises.
Susie casually yeets Mike in here as well.

Mike faceplants into the wall. “HEY- oh hi sis-”
Happy Elizabeth noises- *Hug*
Mike pats the head-
William is attempting to steal the child-

CC wants a hug too- other spirit of Golden has been hogging Golden.

William is commit hug the child- CC- that is-
Elizabeth breaks away and hugs le footh-

Susie starts to sing Afton Family.

Mike is also singing- like 2 octaves lower-

CC yeets Mike into a group huggeth

Everyone is hug- Mike is no longer sing-
Foxy is watching the chaos from the cameras on William’s head-

Wholesome moment intensifies-

Freddy appears at the top of the stairs. “Hate to break up the family reunion, but it’s 5AM.”

“That’s too bad.”
Should we hold off burning this place until tomorrow?
“You’re burning it?!”

Mike makes a ‘oh fuck’ face. “Uh. It’s set to go off in 20 minutes…”

“I thought he was supposed to-”
SHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH-
“But then how-”
SHHHHHHHHHHHHH-
“Should we just do it now?”
Ask Cassidy-
“SHOULD WE DO IT NOW?!” CC is now casually yelling at Cassidy.

“I’ve got the bomb rigged so I can remotely trigger it. So yes.”

Thats not what we are talking about. We have had something in the works since we kidnapped him UwU.

“Oh. You’re talking about springlocking him, aren’t you-”

Im sorry, but how did you know?

Mike just grins.

Are you from the  f u t u r e?

Mike shakes his head. “NOpE.”

Susie does not believe Mike. 
Well, yes, that is exactly what we are talking about- CASS! NOW OR NEVER!

William is attempting to escape.
Mike just grins. “Don’t touch him.”  Presses button.
My peeps let go-

CASS MAKE YOUR DECISIONNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNNN-

William is now being electrocuted, just enough to keep him from running-

“Yes-”

Susie is now gonna pull a yes.
FINALLY- THE PRESENT I’VE BEEN WAITING FOR SINCE THE DAY I DIED!
“O-o. Oh yeah- Dad promised to give you shit- I forgot you said that-”

Mike turns off the zapper in the cams-

Insert Springlocking later- once again, I’ll write this later-
Mike is happy- makes Chica yeet the children away-

CC is happeh as he is yeeted away- but he gets yeeted to SL for no good reason UvU. In CB’s roomish thing. 

Elizabeth is hugging CC as she’s yeeted away- and appears elsewhere- in SL- with Baby. Elizabeth knows this is the end- again-

CC is just now casually existing in SL because I yoinked him from GF and GF burned- and the family must burn together  a g a i n- fuck the canon shit- we ended FNaF 1 on night 2- and FNaF 1 burned-

Mike is by his car- just looking at the pizzeria- waves goodbye, presses the button labelled ‘NUKE’. The sign for the building is blasted past him and crushes the McDonalds across the street- 2 birds with 1 stone. Kewl.

Chica and Bonnie are standing just inside, but waving bacc- and blows up. Susie and Jeremy are now staring at McDonalds, and laughing their heads off.

The entire building explodes in flame.
Poor little souls… Mike thinks to himself as he gets in his car and drives away.
A fitting end.

Phone Guy: I guess you forgo- OHSHI- *casually blows up*
FNaF 3
Temporary character exchange: Beep ha all of the phantoms except PF Springbitch, so this isn’t all just me :)

Springtrap being in the back room all annoyed- g u a r d,  f i n d    m e   a l r e a d y

W H Y  H E L L O! W E L C O M E  T O  N I G H T  T W O  S P R I N G B E A N ! Chica is already doing something stupid-

Springtrap is happy, walking through the halls of the building, listening for shit-
Mike is wondering if he can build a door from scratch- he’s already working on that- and one for the vent too-

Springbitch is making his way around that fucking maze.

Door motor isn’t working. Annoyed Mike. Wait the powersource isn’t plugged in-

Springbitch is looking through the window.

Mike is aware- he doesn’t care- door slams shut- manually- then he manually holds it closed-

… i dont think- you’re just- making this more difficult for yourself-

“I don’t trust you. I have no idea what drugs you’ve been snorting while i’ve been gone.”

I HAVE SNORTED NOTHING- I’ve had access to nothing.

Points to bag of meth on Springtrap’s shoulder-

… THAT DOESNT COUNT-

Mike is holding door shut, continuing to work on the locking mechanism, which just keeps trying to stab him you know where-

I will just pull the door open then
Tries pulling the door upward.

“It doesn’t open that way.”

Yoinks the opposite way-

“Nor that way.”

Yoinks towards himself.

“Nor that way.”

Yeets self at door.

“Nor that way.”

HOW-

“Why would I tell you that.”

Because I am your father- and you do as I say? Casually grasping at straws-

“You’re also a murderous animatronic.” Motor finally kicks in and is now holding the door closed, since the lock is still broken.

… that- is true. But- y o u  h e l p e d  m a k e  m e  t h i s  w a y-

“Which is exactly why I don’t trust you.” Mike programming a simple logic controller for the IF DOOR CLOSED, LOCK. IF DOOR OPEN OR NEED OPEN, UNLOCK part of the system. AKA, if the door is closed, lock the door. If the door needs to be opened or is open, unlock. Simple, really.

Sometimes I question why I exist- 

“To kill helpless kids and set in motion a catastrophy of events which ends up killing your own kid- wait I’m not supposed to know about CC dying yet-”

If you let me finish- and I didn’t kill mah kids- you killed, and Circus Baby killed. I killed. Im 90% sure CC killed someone by now.

“All is hell in the afton family~” Mike, no.

If hell is where I must go to get out of this stinky ass animatronic- will do- it smells awful.

“You do end up going to hell, when the FNaF 6 pizzeria burns down-”

THE POOR WALL!

“The wall’s been dead for a while now.” Motor in the door clicks off. Mike quickly moves to hold it closed manually.

Anyways- I meant why I exist  i n  t h e  s u i t- one of those children did shit-

“You exist in the suit because CC…? stuffed you in it-”

Eh. Cassidy told him to do it.

“True.” like an idiot Mike mumbles to himself, ‘this damn door keeps trying to slide back into the wall-’

… thanks.
Starts yoinking towards the wall.

“FUCK-” rapid motor repair noises as the door beigins to slide open-

Door is opening noises.

Motor kicks in and slams the door shut. Motor straining against the bean. Mike rapidly trying to get the damned lock to work-

Springbitch is suspiciously quiet.

Mike realizes that the vent is totally open… turns around.

Vent noises. 

Mike scampers over, grabs the base for the vent door he was planning, and manually shoves it against said vent.

Stop being smart. … this is what I get for dragging you into my projects.

Mike is just working on the rest of the vent door, building it up as he’s holding it tightly against the vent hole.

Vent noises.

Door is mostly complete, electronics excluded.

Door is being pulled open. 

Mike adjusts and shoves the door back into place, beginning to work on installing the 6 motors *cause he has like 40 in the office*.

Y o i n k e t h.

Mike is face to face with le footh- fear- adrenaline- pushes door back in place- don’t look at the Chica-

Y o i n k   w i t h  m o r e  f o r c e.

Shoves it back in place and begins mounting the motors.

Y o i n k, t h e n  s t i c k  f o o t  i n  t h e  w a y.

Right. He had one more trick up his sleeve. ‘Cause he’s tricky that way. “ALpha.”
Zippity Zappity- le footh being zapped-

Footh smaccs into le door. 

Mike carefully moves le footh outta the way and then slams the door shut again, mounts a couple of the motors, builds up the glide-rail for the door to ride along, mounts that against the wall, clicks the door in, plugs in the motors, and turns them on. The newly built door over the vent slams fully shut.

CHICA HELP ME- 
I- alright-

Chica is now on the other end of the door. 

Mike crawls over to the computer and plugs it back in, waiting for it to boot up. While it’s doing that, he’s installing the extra motors on the vent door, then on the main door. Even without locking them, the doors should be able to hold up to an attack from Springboi. For a while, anyways. Once the motors started burning out, he’d have to replace them. Since he’d be running them near-constantly, they’d be buring out a little more often than he’d like.

Springy is still trying to get in. 
Chica doesnt know what she’s doing.
Poopet has joined the battle.
Poopet sits in front of Mike- blocking le view.

Mike trying to push the Puppet away while trying to block out the annoying noises accompanied by le annoying bitch- while also trying to fix one motor that already burned out on the actual door-

Springy has a foot in again.

Mike *gently* shoves Puppet off of him *don’t think about that* and is attempting to get le footh’s foot out of the door- which is annoyingly slowly pulling back into the wall, which is b i g  p r o b l e m!

L e t  m e  i n n n n n n n n n n.

“Only if you promise not to kill me.” Motor is replaced, just need to hook this last wire in...

… I cant promise anything.

“Which is why I’m not letting you in. Also, THE WINDOw IS LITERALLY GlASS, LOGIC-” Realizes mistake- runs over to window and shoves the big ass door he was planning on mounting over it onto it-

… thank you.

Yeets self at window. 

Bounces off the door which Mike has decided to not make motorized, and is just mounting it very very very very well with braces going everywhere- lots and lots of screws-

Bounces into a vent, but Mike cant see that cause he has a door in front of his face-
V e n t  n o i s e s.

Mike confirms that the door to the vent is securely locked. It is-

Somebitch do something- 
Like what? 
S o m e t h i n g-

Phantom Foxy appears, fries most of the motors on the vent door, and then poofs.
Mike is panic as he rushes over to replace them- is now being forced to hold the vent door closed, but he’s getting tired-

This helps.
Just pushing against the door.

Mike is getting really tired- finally gets the motors replaced, engages them, gives up and gets to work building the locks-

Phantom Chica screams in his face. 

Phantom Chica is also yeeted into the void for the moment- another one of Mike’s inventions. Remembers that cameras are a thing- and completely ignores them-
Phantom Foxy is getting annoyed at this point-

You cant keep good track of meh- with all the sounds.

Mike simply points to the CamTroller on the desk, which does exactly that, keeps track of where Springboi is- and ensures the camera is always locked on him.

… G e t  r i d  o f  i t. 

“iT’S uSeFul. Oh fuck-” Mike turns on the ANTI-HALLUCINATION thing- which barely works-

Chica is back and pissed.

Phantom Foxy is a nice bean and EMPs allllllllllllll of Mike’s stuff. Lights flicker out (emergency red ones crackle on a second later), the motors click off, the lock on the vent clicks and unlocks, the cameras go dead. Mike is utter panic. Luckly, he has batteries for just this reason- turns them on. Nothing happens because EVERYTHING GOT EMPd YA IDIOT-

It seems Foxy is the only smart one. 
R u d e-
But accurate-

Thank you! Happy ghost fox noises.
Mike sorta just- holds the vent door closed-

Robot Corpse is pushing against the vent door.

Mike is losing his grip on le door. Panic.

Chica screams at him again.

Mike looks over at the clock, which is just dark. Panic as the vent door slams open-
Mike’s internal thoughts: OH FUCK OH FUCK OH WAIT I STILL HAVE THE ZAPPERS- zapping insues- the damned batteries are dying tho-

Poopet blocks his view
Chica screams
Springy is angry-

The lights flicker back on- happy Mike-
Alarms-
Panic Mike-

Springbitch is now singing Die in a Fire.

The vent door beeps as power comes on- door slams shut.
Mike’s thoughts: Too fucking late, ya asshole- wait open up again please- vent door opens- Mike is now crawling through the vents as fast as he can-

Poopet stares him in the eye.

Mike bites the Poopet’s nose-

Springy grabs Mike’s ankle.

The little puncher dude in Mike’s shoe pops out and is now repetedly punching Springbitch in the face-

Springbitch winces at the first punch, but then grabs the shoe and yeets it away. 

Other shoe is rapidly punching Springy now.

Other shoe is ripped off.

Socks are now punching Springy,

Socks are ripped off.

Mike kicks Springy- then realizes his mistake- noT THE FOOT-

Springy bites his foot.

Pain, without love, pain, leAvE mE alONe I caAN’T jUST RemIX thIS rIGht nOW. Mike is pain. Mike kinda just gives up at this point-

Susie’s spirit just watching this- knowing that 5 minutes is too long. “Nuh-uh. I will not stand for this.”
“Well, you have no control.”

Mike is just wondering how he’s gonna get outta this- then he remembers-
“Hey Google, set the time to 6:00 AM.” Wishing this works-
“Okay, setting the time on your phone to 6:00 AM. You can reset it to your timezone by saying ‘Hey Google, set my time to my timezone.’”
Chimes sounding throughout the building be like wtf-

Susie: *clapclapclapclapclapclap*
Jeremy: … “that- works-”

Mike being smart bean- frees himself from Springboi and crawls to freedom-

Springyboi just staring at him-

“Sorreh Dad.” Mike scampers out of the vent
 
Offended Springbitch noises.

Mike calls back through the vent, “Sorry!” because he may hate the bitch, but he didn’t want to offend him.

Springehboi looks at le phantoms.
Everyone but Foxy needs to learn how to do the things- cause most of you failed- miserably- 

Foxy is vibing- to, you guessed it, Up and Down- then Addict (Caleb Hyles, Tre Watson).

*NExt night*

Mike is smort bean and gets here early so he can finish building his shit- and installing his extra cameras-

If only that worked out well- Springbitch doesnt rely on time- welcome to early night-
Alarms in office screeching that Springbitch is active- Annoyed Mike. Great, now I need to deal with an extra hour of this shit. Sprinting back to the office while the auto-systems blast Balloon Boy noises around the fucking place. Nice to know those work-

Springbitch is confused! 
Springbitch runs into a wall in confusion!

Good bitch. Runs into office, turns on the portable generator, and closes the doors. 
Foxy just watching Springtrap struggle while silently vibing to Linkin Park.

Phantom Mangle has joined the battle.

Mike getting dangerous ideas- Mike is now working on figuring out how to get wifi out here in the middle of nowhere. Remembers that he did shit the day before last that gives him wifi- connects to wifi- Is opening Spotify and hooking his phone up to the building’s audio system- and yes he has premium-

Proud Jeremy noises-

Opening Bonnie’s playlist--

Afraid Jeremy noises-

Realizes this is a bad idea and instead opens his own playlist. Of course the first song he plays is Discord.
Speakers in the building crackle on and begin blasting Discord at full volume-

Phantoms be vibing-
Susie and Jeremy be vibing-
Springtrap is sitting in a corner questioning why he is here-

Because you’re my bitch now- not like that- Turns up the volume more-
People outside the building: “Wat tah fak is goin on in daer?”

ONE OF YOU GET IT TO SHUT UPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPPP-
But- it- v i b e-
YOU HAVE GOTTA BE KIDDING ME-

The portable generator sputters out- Mike’s phone is dead now because the battery happened to be at 1%- Speakers go silent- the echos of the music are haunting the halls for a couple of seconds- all is utterly quiet-

Thank goodness-
nUuUuUUuUuUuuuUu-

Mike is trying to figure out why the portable generator died. Figures out that one fuse blew out and he needs to replace it.

Springbitch is on the moof-

Mike is panic because he knows how fucked he is- and it just so happens that the fuse he needs is out in his Uhaul- so-

Spring is just around the corner-

Mike is aware of this fact because he hasn’t shut down the camera-trackers yet- he should probably do that because those suck up a lot of power- oh and he should probably shut down everything else he doesn’t need- Walks over to the panel, flips everything off- lights go dead- backups crackle on-
And yes he turned off O2- but he has 02 tanks for this very reason- he silences the damned alarm-

Spring is knocking at the door- and yoinking it-

Mike runs over and helps the motors to push the door closed- WHY DOESN’T THIS LOCK WORK- Mike decides he needs to fix that. “So we’re back to doing this, then?”

Its good practice? 

“Good practice for what?”

The place you will be yeeted next.

“Which is...?” Mike realizes he’s slowly sliding across the ground. Adjusts and pushes against the door harder.

Well, im demanding you go locate your sister!

“That’s easy. Sister Location, inside Baby. Oh shit the wall.” Mike is beginning to slide backwards more. More adjustment while le writer is having a conversation with Passion in the other doc-

Forget the wall. We’ve broken it so much it doesnt even exist.

“True, true.” loses grip of the door- is slammed into one wall- ass-slide- motors kick in a couple of seconds later. Door is partially open. Motors are stressed.

Springbitch has no originality- he sticks his foot in the door-

Mike scampers to the vent, forces it open, climbs inside, and slams it shut behind him. Absolutely no flaws with this plan.

You seem to have forgotten the greenbeans. 

Mike remembers the greanbeans and climbs back into the office. Runs back over to the door and is trying to shut it. Is also trying to shove the foot out of the way.

Springtrap is trying to force his way into the door. He shoves half his body in the door.

Mike is screwed. Mike attempt to close door. Fails. “So, if you promise not to kill or hurt me I’ll let you in and we can have a nice conversation?” Hopeful Mike.

Im getting in either way.

“Uh, can you promise to not kill or hurt me anyways?”

I already said I cant do that.

“It was worth a shot.” Mike is kinda giving up at this point.

Meh.

Mike realizes how stupid he’s been. Rushes over to the control panel, forces shit to turn on. All while the door is very slowly opening. Audio systems come online. BB is now being a bitch to Springtrap. Yay for auto-controlled systems. Let’s hope he doesn’t run outta power.

… A child.

Mike is just watching.

Springtrap slides back out of the door and runs to find the “child”

Door silently shuts. Mike goes back to fixing shit. He realizes that as long as Springboi is distracted, he can go get shit. Silently slips out of the building and locks the door behind him. Grabs shit. Returns. Locks the door. Enters office. Closes office door. Fixes generator. Building powers back on.

Springbitch was not amused when he didn’t find the child. 

Audio systems continue blooping him.

Springbitch is getting annoyed with the failure to find children.

Mike honestly doesn’t give a shit. Continues fixing shit.

Phantom Mangle does not like this. Mangle sits where Foxy should sit.

Mike flips off Mangle. “Go away, please.”
Foxy is not amused.

eXcUsE mE? yOu FlIp mE oFf- AnD aSk mE tO leAvE. nEvErErrRrrRr

Mangle screams in Mike’s face. Audio says no.

Mike pushes Mange outta the way, fixes audio.

Mangle calls for backup.

Poopet and Watermelon have joined the battle.

Mike doesn’t give two shits. He’s b u sy you assholes. Oh good it finally clicked to 12:00 ;-;. This is gonna be a looooooooooooooooooooooong night.

Mangle is requesting Foxy’s halp.

Foxy commit EMP.
Mike is severe annoyance as everything goes black- this time not even the backups come online. Great. I can’t see.

Springbitch is at the door.

Backup lights flicker on. Mike is holding door closed. Again. Click the damn lock into the lock- there door should be locked now.

Y o i n k

Lock bends. Mike realizes that he didn’t use the right metal for this.

Y o i n k

Lock is almost broken.
Mike is panic.

Y o i n k

Lock shatters.

Y o i n k

Door is wiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiide open.
Fuck.
VENT VENT VENT VENT- is in vent now. Is crawling away-

Poopet slams into him- 

Poopet is now on fire- and is shoved away. FUCK OFF YA ASSHOLES.

BB has joined the battle.
BB sits in front of Mike.

Balloon Boy is on fire and has been kicked you know where- he gets shoved into a side vent. Mike will not be stopped.

Springbitch has caught up, and Chica is putting out the fires-

“Surprise motherfucker!” Bomb in office go boom- again, firebomb. Mike vanishes- somehow- he’s magic-

Oh fuck you. When did you have timeeeeeeeeeeeeee-

When you were busy chasing children, which, btw, never existed. Disembodied Mike voice. I need him for later, mkay???

… fair enough- MAKE SURE YOU GET YA SISTER- 

I know. Hey, see ya in FNaF 6, kay?

Alrighty then- cya wall!

Mike’s voice is gone.
Wait.
He returns a second before le bomb burns the children and takes them with him- I’m not gonna burn you a second time, kay?

Susie and Jeremy are just vibing.
“You werent gonna- we just vibe in the flames-”

Oh. Returns them-

They continue to vibe.

Okay fuck FNaF 3-


FNaF 4 - nOOtmaREs-
Foxy just sitting in the back of the house waiting for night two to roll around, since it’s night one- Freddy just prepping his childs.

Dont mind nootmare chican nugget and bunny- they just vibing in the kitchen. Making a nightmare cupcake.

Foxy joins them- is helping since he has nothing to do.
Freddy yeets one of his children on the bed-

“Fuk ya child-” Flashes the Freddy child.

Freddy child screeches as it melts away.
Freddy is rather pissed. YEET YEET YEET YEET. Continuous stream of nightmare Freddles.
They scream as they melt one by one-

“Ya know what? Big brain time.”
Leave the light on the bed.

The Freddles are scared.
Foxy silently tells the others that they should go give the child a heart attack since they aren’t holding their light.

Lemme finish making my cupcake. I still need to add the teeth.

The child grabbed a long ass scarf. He ties it to the door handle. Repeats with other door.

Scarf catches fire.

“This isnt the Halloween edition, is it?”

Let’s say it is, CC. Creepy fox noises.

‘Grumble. Guess this ends night one. The room is burning already.”

Fire has spread to the bed.

Fox gets fire extinguisher and yeets it at the child. Take.

“Thats helpful. Though it would have been better if you hadn’t fucking burned my scarf. At least it will still be there when I wake up.” Casually putting out the fire.

Foxy is in the closet because fuck the nights.

“Thank you for joining my collection.”
CC forces him into le plush.

Annoyed plush fox noises.

“Ya know? I wondered why you must STAY in the closet. Lets change that.” Casually yeets out into the hallway.

Fox plush smacks into wall. Sad fox.

Bonnie stares at the fox.
Ya gud?

CC yeeted me into a plusie and then literally yeeted me down the hallway.

… why our universe. Why did WE need this CC.

No idea.

“I heard that!”

Fuck you!

“Next time im taking you to the oven.”

You can’t even go in the kitchen!

“And you arent even supposed to be here tonight!”

Bonnie has backed up. Concern intensifies-

MIKE BURNED DOWN FNAF 3 ON NIGHT 3.

“CONGRATS TO MIKE!”

Fox is fox, annoyed, fox, fox.

Chica- I think CC is crazy.
I heard.

We’re literally the child’s near-death coma hallucinations.

Except we know things that happen YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARS into the future? 

Nobody said it had to make sense.

True- or maybe we think we are in the past- but we are actually in the future!

Please don’t go down that rabbit hole. No pun intended.

I will dismantle you.

I’m literally a plushie.

I will put you in the oven for CC.

nOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo-

Yes. 

I do not feel safe. I say fuck the timeline.

FNaF 3 - again-
“WHOMST THE HECCETH-” anger Mike as he’s yeeted back into le office- “I BLEW THIS PLACE UP WHYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY- Why is everything intact.”

Susie: “So do it again. Burn it again.”

Mike points out the lack of explosives.

“One moment.” Susie is now robbing a store. 
“Here ya go-” 

*POOF*
“They vanished.” Pause. “I don’t think Foxy’s gonna let me out that easily-
You’re damn right I’m not gonna.
“I am literally about to pretend you dont exist. F I X  I T.” CC is mad. 
Foxy refuses. SPRINGBOI- LIVE-

Nah. I did this once. I will NOT do it again. 
“You have 10 seconds.”

Nothing happens.

CC bonks his head. Foxy=forgotten and non existent.

Mike goes back to being in Sister location, FNaF 3 no longer is a thing happening-

FNaF 4 - Fuck you Foxy-
FUCK YOU TOO- wait I don’t exist.
eXaCtlY. Nootmare.

“I am now going to do the scarf shit.” Does the scarf shit. Freddles are melting.

Freddy himself appears. N O.

CC yeets the fan at Freddy.

Freddy yeets the fan back at CC. 
NO.

CC climbs on Freddy’s back and starts bashing him with the fan.

AHHHHHHHHHHHHHH- Grabs CC by the neck and yeets him- (saying this brings me physical pain because CC is meh bean- he one of my childz-)

Pissed CC noises. Then he remembers how to pain- pained CC noises- and pissed CC noises- its a big mix-

Foxy wants this to s t o p but since he doesn’t exist, he can’t do shit-
Golden is just watching this unfold up above with Nightmare.
Freddy crushes the bean’s feet. No running. Sadistic, grating, static-filled laughter.

“One. Does it look like I was running? Two. Get off you overweight bear!” More smaccing with fan.

Freddy breaks the child’s arm holding the fan. In several places.

S c r e e c h

Punctured lung.

In the brain of CC: Okay. Lemme just reset this- 

Freddy grins. You don’t get out of this so easily. All of CC’s thoughts are suddenly blasted with static. We’re inside your mind.

BITCH- I honestly hate you- but I cant hate you more then your Freddles.

Que Foxy requesting existence, but since CC’s every thought is being disrupted by the Freddy, never got to CC-
Freddy breaks the legs-

Desperate CC noises. 

The bear gets stabbed by Mike- “Bad bear. LEAVE LE BEAN ALONE-” stab stab stab stab-
Yeet the annoying Mike through the wall-
Mike screeching noises- Mike’s knife is yeeted into the bear’s eye.
Returns the knife to the owner’s arm.
Mike is silently trying to figure out how to get out of the wall.

Susie and Jeremy are halping Mike get out of the wall.

Mike accepts their help and climbs outta the wall.
Freddy stabs CC with claws.
Mike is rage.

CC is pain
NB and NC are concern. NC said fuckitimoutofhere-

Mike is wondering if he can start the night himself. Might as well try! RESTArT thE niGHt- Nothing. Okay. /restart
Night blips out. Mike and CC are floating in the middle of nothingness.

“That- works-”

“I restarted the night, I didn’t shut it down. Why are-” Reality fixes itself. They land on the floor of CC’s room.

“Hey im in hell again!”

“Sorry. ‘Least you aren’t alone.”

“Its fine. Lemme reset mah shit-” Resetting the scarf shit-

Mike is wondering how CC would react to him techifying his room. “If I techify your room, would you kill me?”

“I wouldnt kill you- though some certain nootmares would- and if the night resets again- it will be gone- 

“Nah, I’d be able to build it once and keep it- it’s not a default part of the environment- and why am I trying to explain this as like a computer sim- this is your mind. I’m sorry-”

Confused CC noises-
Footstep noises-

CC slams the door. S c a r f  p o w e r-

Im sorry, hOw? Confused Bonnie noises
“SCARF POWAH!”

Mike is busy making the other door automatic. S e n  s o r  t h e r e,  w i r e  h e r e.

Freddles=melting away because light is focused on them 6/8.

The door is now automatic. S L A P  B A T T E R I E S  I N  T H E  S L O T S.
Door clicks and the very dim sensor status indicators flicker to green.

“So this is what Cass meant when she said you did stuff.”

“Yeah. I still need to hook up the lights. This is so much easier than with dad-”

“What happened?”

“He came back while I was working at that Fazbear Frights place. He kept breaking my stuff and getting in. At one point he was eating my foot too. Then I set the place on fire and l e f t. Damn I’m an arsonist-”

“PFFT- hE aTe yOuR fOoT? And we all know you are an arsonist. Something you got from Henry.”

“He tried to eat my foot. Anyways, he kept yanking on the doors that I had to build from scratch, kept burning out the motors. It was a lot more annoying.”

“PFFT- He did better than Cassidy could ever-”

“It was annoying how smart he was.”

I thought the sammmmmmmmmmmmmme- Triggered Springtrap noises-

“Wha- How are you here?”

Dont question the logic. If I hadnt dragged you into my projects- my job would have been much easier-

“No kidding.”

That was a bigger mistake than telling Elizabeth that Circus Baby was for her.

“YA THINK? Wait what- You did what?”

iT wAs A mIsTaKe- I said that so she would stop bothering meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-

“YOU GOT HER SCOOPED BY BABY?”

tHaT wAs NeVeR tHe InTeNtIoN?

“YOU STILL DID IT!” Mike is rage.

For the record- she wasnt sCoOpEd by Baby- she was snorted by Baby-

“Whatever.” Door slams shut by itself.
HEY-

“I thought you were gone-”

I came back when everything was restarted. Can I pleaaaaaaaaaaaaase come in?

“G r u m b l e- and no you cannot- not doing that again- nuh-uh- no way- I even have anti-freddy spray-”

Fine. No cupcakes for you then. Foxy literally baked actual, honest-to-god cupcakes from scratch.

*twitch* “Fine. But if you are lying, im gonna see if Freddy Spray works on Foxys”

The door motor disengages and the door slides open. The fox slides in, carrying four plates of cupcakes. Sets them on the bed and sits by the closet.

“hOw dId yOu GeT tHoSe PaSt cHiCa?”

I just did.

DO I SMELL CUPCAKES?!

Oh shit CLOSE THE DOOR-
Door slams shut as it detects shit-
Happy Fox.
Mike eats a cupcake. “Howy shfit feez awe gud”

H e  h a s  c u p c a k e s?
“Yuff.” CC has stuffed his face.

Can I have some??? Freddy from the other door- which also slams shut in his face.

“... do you NOT remember stabbing me? And breaking mah everyting?”

Freddy, das a nope. Foxy pops one of the smaller ones in his face. Nommin’ noise.
Mike is consume.

CC is consume.

Mike temporarily stops existing to check how his body’s doing. Is fine. Reappears.

Chica is triggered.

Door opens. Cupcake is yeeted at Chica. Door closes.

I thought I was the one that yeeted cupcakes-

Not anymore.

… Im just gonna cease to exist. My only purpose has been taken away.

Just yeet the cupcakes.

… YEET-
Spoopy Carl has been yeeted at the door.

Door stays firmly shut.

Grumble. 

“Well sory the security systems work.”

Then disable them!

“No???”

You said you were sorry!

“Hes not disabling them Chica.”

“I trust very few animatronics.”

“With reason. Im just wondering when I’m gonna wake up.”
“Uh. About that.”

“Im literally sleeping in the Entry Way Vent-”

“No, you’re in a coma in the hospital with part of your brain missing.”

“Okay- this timeline is fucked up- that was in 1983- this isnt 1983, because Dad is Springtrap-”

“Definitely. Oh you’re totally just asleep aren’t you. I’m an idiot.”
Ya thnk?

“Logic died ages ago.”

“So you could be n a coma?”

“I mean- this is normal now- these fucking idiots- But hey- Ive been chilling in SL-

“At least you get a break from the funtimes.”

“Dont get me started on the funtimes.”

“Oh?” Mike over at the door adjusting shit.

“Funtime Freddy is probably my least favorite. Always talking about birthdays.”

“Oh.” Mike knows that feeling. “I’d imagine that gets annoying.”

“Y e e e e p.”

Foxy eats another cupcake. I’m glad I’m not gonna have to deal with that.
Mike sighs. “Lucky you.”

“I can drag him into this if you want. He is in my imagination-”

“True enough.” Mike grins. “Yes.”
Freddy screeches somewhere in le house. STAHP KILLIN MEH KIDDLES!

“Oh yeah. The flashlight is shining on them 6/8.”

I NOTICED!
Freddy is at the door.
Mike looks up at the glowing eyes. “You have annoyingly good timing.” Mike reaches for the door handle since the motors are currently unpowered cause HE WAS FIXING THEM-
Freddy simply tugs the door open wider.
Mike falls on his face. “Uh oh.”

CC ties the other end of the scarf to the foot of his bed, hoping there isnt enough  r o o m  for the fat bear.

Said fat bear can’t fit through door, but can reach le Mike- who is attempting escape-
Said bear also grabs Mike and drags him into the darkness.

“Well that’s not good.”

Foxy promptly poofs into plushy form, ready to be yeeted at the bear.

“Thats- actually smort-” *Y e e t*

Foxy turns into an animatronic midair and lands on the fat one.
Mike scrambles free of the nightmare animatronic pile and bacc to le room. Eats cupcake.

Nootmare Chica just watched. Dont ask where Nootmare Bonnie is. He has no idea.

Mike wondering where Bonnie is.

Bonnie not knowing how to answer. There is a clown mask.

Mike grabs his phone and opens animotracker.apk (also known as Find My Animatronic).

Bonnie is in the Primary Control Module-

“How the hell did you get there?” Confused Mike.

“... I may have yeeted him-”

Mike slowly turns to face CC. “May I ask why?”

“Because I was bored-”

“If you promise to not kill us I’ll bring you back, Bon.” Mike being chaotic neutral.

I mean- I actually dont have the ability to promise that- its literally up to CC.

“I’ll take that as a yes.” Mike building a Return-Your-Lost-Animatronic-To-Your-Current-Location transporter-of-your-dreams.

“Lemme make your job easier.” CC has poofed. Then comes back with the Toofy Bonnie.

Mike poofs his transporter thing. “Hiyo!”
Foxy has returned to the room.

“So the only two im really worried about are Freddy and Chica- Freddy being for obvious reasons. Oh and then there will be the big bad nootmares.”

We can hear you. Burst of static. Nightmare being Nightmare.

“Good for you? I guess?”

Offended Nightmare and NFB noises.

Cupcake getting yeeted noises.

Door slamming shut.
“CC what time is it?” Mike looks at the clock which to him just says ‘nO’ since he can’t read CC’s mind.

“4.”

“Okay.” Mike has flopped onto the ground. Mike checks his phone again, looking at where Chica is.

Triggered Chica noises coming from right outside the door.

Mike decides he’s not baking tonight.

Chica attempts pulling the door open.

The door pops halfway open before the extra motors kick in, slamming the door shut again.
Mike whispers to CC, “It’ll take three animatronics to pry that door open.”

Chica does big brain. Maybe we can hold the door open long enough for Carl-

Mike is heavy concern.

F r e d d y  I  n e e d  h a l p-

Freddy walks over. Begins to help pry le door open.
Mike wondering if the motors will do anything against this.
Foxy actually being helpful, waddles over to the door, bites on the handle, careful not to break or damage it, and is trying to hold it closed.
Mike kinda just looks at CC like ‘wtf’.

CC looks back like ‘why the fuck would I know-’
Is there enough room for Carl yet?!

Not quite. Another inch!
hEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEELP-
Mike runs over and is attempt help- he’s not being very helpful- but like, he should be since he can fucking hold doors closed against fucking  SpRinGtRap.

Offended Scrapbitch noises 
More Big Brain Chican Nugget noises. E A T  T H E  D O O R!

Freddy lets go of the door and grabs a Plushtrap Chaser. Plugs into light socket. Plushtrap chaser is officially active.
Foxy and Mike jump away from the door.
Mike pops out of existence for a couple of seconds, then comes back with the door from le Fazbear Frights doorway thing (it’s solid titanium, don’t ask how he got that-) and begins securing it to the wall.

Chica is pushing against the door, so that Mike cant properly do shit.

Foxy reaches through the gap and stabs Chica’s eyes with his hook. GO AWAY.

Screeching Chica noises. However, Chica remains on the door. Just pressing her face against it-

Rockstar Foxy: “NO-” *Yeets Chica*

“.. Im not even gonna question what you are-”
More screeching Chica noises.

“Figment of Mike’s mind.” Poofs.
Mike and Foxy - Nightmare Foxy - are busy building door.

FREDDY HALP ME PUSH LE DOOOOOOOOOOR- tHeY aRe GoNnA sToP pLuShTrAp!
Chica rams into the door.

Freddy crushes the Plushtrap Chaser against the door on accident.
hEYyYyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy- *fizzle*
Mike has complete.

Freddy activates a fleet of Plushtrap Chasers. Titanium won’t last long against 40 of these suckers.
Simultaneous knawing noises.

“I am uncomfortable with the energy we have created in the studio today.”

Mike is just staring at the Titanium. “Should have brought bedrock too.”
K N A W  K N A W  K N A W  C R A C K  K N A W

“Wanna escape to the kitchen? Not really in the mood to be eaten by these things-”

“Sure.” Mike opens the other door, looks out, and shuts the door. “Or not.”

“Who’s there?”

N I G H T M A R E  H A S  E N T E R E D  T H E  B A T T L E

“Fuck. The fattest bear.”

Door is shaking violently.
Titanium is cracking.

CC big brain noises. “I wonder if we could get the Plushtraps to eat Nightmare-”

“WE WILL NOT EAT DAD.” All of the Plushtraps screech.
Mike looks at the wall. “Isn’t Springboi-”
“NO.”

EXCUSE ME?! DO YOU ALL NEED A  L E S S O N ? !

“WE WILL CONSUME FAKE DAD.” Seveal Plushtraps turn away and begin consuming Scraptrap.

And that is my cue to leave. Scrapbitch poofs.

The Plushtraps resume their attack of the door.

“Okay. We pick our poison. Nightmare, or the Army of Plushtraps, with Nootmare Freddy and Chica and Carl.”

“Preferrably neither.”
Agreed. Plus, they’ll probably kill me with you too, since I’ve turned.

“Does it look like we have a choice?”

“Nope!”

Big Brain. Again. “Dont the Plushtraps freeze in light?”

“UH OH.”
Mike grins. “Working on it.” Mike is now building a massive-ass floodlight.

CC takes the flashlight off the bed and points it at the door. He has the other door shut with the scarf.

Mike notices the smoke pouring out of the motors on the Nightmare door. “Oh. I ‘ll need to fix that.”

“Keep that door shut. I have flashlight power going on this door.”

Mike is almost done with the floodlight (more than 50x more powerful than the flashlight held by CC.)

Fuck. Lets help them break the door.
Mike connects the last wire and the fucking sun is in the room now. Door breaks apart and the Plushtraps begin pouring in, pointedly looking away from the light.

Chica yeets Carl at Mike. CC leaps away from the door

Foxy yeets Carl into his mouth.
Mike yeets himself in CC’s general direction, smacking into the wall next to the other child.

Chica is running to the other door.

Mike realizes that the motors on the other door won’t be able to handle a 450 pound animatronic slamming into the door. “Uh oh.”

Nightmare get out of the way!

Nightmare is smart enough to get out of the way before he gets crushed by an animatronic twice his weight.

Chica slams into the door.

The door slams open, motors literally explode in tinly little poofs of smoke.

“WELL SHIT.”
Foxy~

Foxy being dirty for a couple of minutes to save his fucking life. Wat, ya want sex or somethnin’?

… Hell no- thats illegal. 

You
You’re the one talkin’ with tildes.

Im going to forget you said that.  Y o u  a t e  m y  c u p c a k e.

Suggestive smirk.
Mike is just watching this interaction with interest-

CC regrets meeting the internet.

More suggestive smirking and movements- Foxy is internally dying at this point.
Mike wondering weather or not he should take CC and go-

“This is why I never used the internet again.”

“You’re the one that decided to Google that without SafeSearch on.”

“You’re the one that didn't explain it.”

“I shouldn’t have to! Dad should have done that, but then again, he’s a shitty dad sometimes-”

I HEARD THAT! sPoOpY vOiCe FrOm ThE sKy-

“FAKE DAD CONSUMPTION!”

I would be scared if I weren't just a voice.

Said voice is being consumed.

Said voice poofs.

Mike remembers the Plushtrap Chasers at their feet- picks up CC and runs-

Paniked CC noises.

Chica has fled the building. She couldn’t handle the chaos.

Foxy drops the act and screeches as the Plustraps begin to try to eat his legs. Locks self in closet.
Mike is standing on top of CC’s dresser- still holding CC-

“5 a m - 6 a m   h u r r y”

Mike is looking down at the Plushtraps who are looking up at them, grinning. “What time is it.”

“... I just said it- 5  a  m.”

“Oh.”
YOu aren’t escaping this time, Mike. Your luck has run out. Nightmare doing Nightmare shit-

“How fast are you, Nightmare?”

Pretty damned fast.

“Faster than Foxy?”

Close enough.

“Foxy, you thinking what i'm thinking?”

Foxy runs over, picks up Mike, who is holding CC, and runs for dear life.

Bonnie is vibing in the kitchen.

Foxy runs in and crashes into Bonnie. SORRY-
Mike is dropped by Foxy.
Mike just sorta pulls CC in closer as he tumbles to the ground- he lands on the bottom, CC on top-
yAy foR crAckEd rIBS-

What happened?

WE’RE IN DEEP SHIT!

Well, hopefully you can last 57 more minutes. 

“That’s-” Wheeze. “A really long time-” Mike struggling to breathe ‘cause A) Cracked Rib, B) CC’S STILL ON HIM-

CC realized he is sitting on a human. He leaps off said human- 

Mike thanks CC and stands up, arm to chest, breath ragged. “That hurt.”
Sorry.
I know you’re in there~ come on out! Nightmare noises.

Bonnie ish gonna try and halp. Its just me. I heard Chica lost her cupcake. Im making her a new one.

I swear I saw the others go in there. Are you sure they aren’t there?
Mike locks eyes with Bonnie.

I heard footsteps outside, but never a door creak.

Mhm. I’lm going to keep looking for them.

CC holding his breath-

Mike is also holding his breath.

Good luck. Where is Chica?

Nightmare walks away.

Bonnie proceeds to actually start making a cupcake. He signals to the beans to hide in a cabinet-

CC slips into said cabinet.

Mike joins CC. It’s very cramped.

CC grabs Foxy and Foxy is now in the cabinet.

Mike is surprisingly comfortable with  being this close to the other bean-

Bonnie closes the cabinet. Cupcake is being made. A few moments later, Chica slams the kitchen door open.
W h e r e   a r e  t h e y ?
Not here. I already did this with Nightmare. There was only two moments this door opened. For Nightmare, and when you slammed it open. 

Mike is holding his breath.

Anyways, here is your cupcake.
… thanks-
Chica has taken the cupcake and run to meet Nightmare.

Mike is waiting to see if they’re good.
WHERE ARE THEY, BONNIE? Loud Nightmare blasts the door off its hinges.

If I knew I’d tell ya, bud. 

JEREMY~

You seem to have mistaken me. Im not Jeremy. This- *aggressive pointing at Jeremy* -is Jeremy.

BONNIE I SWEAR TO GOD I WILL-
Thinking Nightmare noises.

Fuck me? No thanks.

CHOP YOUR DICK OFF-

I am an animatronic. Does it look like I have one?

More thinking Nightmare noises. If you did I wouldn’t want to know, or see, would I? Much confused Nightmare.

Lemme make this clear. I dont.

TheN hOW Am I sUppOSEd tO thREaTEn yoU- foRcE chiCa to- Nightmare stops himself-

I dont want to know how you intended on finishing that sentence.

You really don’t.

Meh. What time is it?

Nightmare looks at the cabinetcabinet. CC, would you mind telling us the time, please?
Mike is silently panicking.

Big brain CC moment. CC has now imagined a clone of himself. Because this is his mind. Le clone is standing behind Nightmare. “5:28.”

Nightmare wheezes and eats the clone.

50 clones intensifies.

Nightmare knows he’s being fucked with, and marches over to the cabinet and yanks it open. Oh hi.

“... Hi.”

Mike punches Nightmare in the eye. 
Nightmare is just standing there, like, ‘did this hoom just punch me?’. EXCUSE ME?
Punch.
I WILL EAT YOUR SOUL.
“I’m fine with you consuming mine, but don’t touch CC or you’ll die.”  Mike stares Nightmare down.
Nightmare is considering eating CC anyways.Nightmare’s mistake- not getting rid of the CC clones.
The CC clones now have weapons. Some climb on him, some slip in front of him. Either way, hes getting beat up and stabbed.

Fleet of Plustraps are consuming every CC clone.

CC clones are multiplying. Half of them are now focused on the Plushtraps. Full out war of small beans.

Nightmare is ignoring the chaos. Attempts to grab CC.
Receives kick to the face.

CC clones are stabbing Nightmare’s face. Some are trying to cut off his arms. With a chainsaw. Where the fuck did they get a chainsaw.

Nightmare vanishes.
Plushtraps have begun multiplying at a rate 7x greater than the CC clones.
The Mike clones join the fray.
“Where the hell-” Mike is staring at the clones.

CC is honestly considering yeeting himself into the chaos. Hes smart enough not to- but staying in the cabinet probably isnt the smartest idea either-

Mike wholeheartedly agrees.
Mike also notices that the stove burners got turned on at some point.
“Uh oh.”

CC is more seriously considering yeeting himself into the chaos. Just to stuff some Plushtrap Chasers onto the stove.

Plushtrap Chaser tries to eat CC’s face.
Said Chaser has been yeeted onto the stove.
“GAHSJJDIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIiiiiii-” Puddle on the stove.

“Oooh! Time to make Plushtrap Pancakes!”
CC has yeeted one onto the stove.

Mike is seriously wondering when this night is gonna end. Yeet.
Foxy has become normal sized and is currently crushing Plushtraps underfoot.

Mike notes Freddy is staring at them.
The Freddles have entered the fray.
Mike is getting rather concerned.

CC shines a flashlight on the crowd. 

P O O F.
Mike feels a tiny bit better.

More yeeting of the Plushbitches.

Nightmare has returned, this time, with a lot of nightfreddles (his own twist on Freddles. They don’t die in light.)
The Nightfreddles attack.

CC clones be yeeting them all over the place. 
“I have lost count of how many clones I have- I also finally respect how big this kitchen is.”

Mike clones are pouring from the light fixtures.
“Where are these clones coming from-”

“Probably my brain.”

“Right.” Mike is looking down at the chaos. Looks up. “Oh it’s 5:59. Here, gimme a hug before I vanish for the day.” *Hugs CC*

*Hugging intensifies*

Alarm clock noises. Mike vanishes.

CC flipping off Nightmare intensifies.

NEXT NIGHT

Mike faceplants into the wall. “Ow.”

“Welcome back. Expect a very hostile Nightmare. I flipped him off.”

WHAM.
Mike looking at the Nightmare who literally shoved his face through the fucking wall.

CC’s heart jumps, but then he starts laughing- 

Mike joins him. “Y-you l-lo-o-ok redic- *SNORT* ulous-”

“You rEaLly- reEAAALy- dO-”

Nightmare silently moving his jaw up and down while still lodged in the wall.

CC loses it-

Nightmare shoves his face further through the wall.
Mike boops his nose.
Mike can no longer breathe.

CC is literally rolling on the floor-

HEADS WILL ROLL TONIGHT!

Mike joins CC.

Nightmare is literally steaming- the wall around his face is beginning to melt.

“tHiS jUsT gEtS bEtTeR aNd BeTtEr!”

Nightmare flickers out.
Mike is catching his breath.

“I fully expect to die again tonight-”

Mike commit sideways look. “‘Again’ as in you’ve died before?”

“You are the one that did it- r e m e m b e r-”

“I was dRUNK-”

“fAiR eNoUgH-”

“‘Sides, it ain’t happinin’ again.” Cool brother smile.

“Maybe you wont. nIgHtMaRe mIgHt-”

“Trust me, he won’t.”

“I hope so- Nightmare is worse than Freddy- and Freddy- is terrible.”

“Especially with the ultra-sharp teeth. Wouldn’t end well. And he probably wouldn’t stop at your head either.”

“F e e t.”

“Probably.” Mike notes that all of the the electronics are burned out. That’s gonna be annoying to fix.

“Welp.”
What are the chances that we are all going to die? AfRaId BoNnIe NoIsEs- yes hes just inside- cC lEt hIm- 

“Ask Nightmare.” Mike mumbled.
Somewhere inside the house, Nightmare responded with, Death is inescapable. 199%!

G r e a t.

No, I mean, everyone dies eventually.
“He’s turned into a philosopher.”
Last time that happened it didn’t end well Foxy shoves another cupcake in his face. Where’d he get this one? He found it in the kitchen.

... w h e r e  d i d  y o u  g e t  t h a t  c u p c a k e-
Both Foxy and Mike simultaneously said, “Kitchen” then looked at each other in surprise.
How did you know that?
Mike shrugs.

There is a chance you just ate Carl again. Unless you made cupcakes in a few minutes.

Foxy wheezes. SHE”S GONNA KILL ME- AGAIN-

This is why you dont eat random cupcakes. You only eat the ones not made by Chica. Most others are safe.

Mike wheezes in response to this.

HAS ANYONE SEEN CARL?! Frantic Mother Spoopy Chica noises.

Foxy is 101% silent. What’s the deal with the extra 1% over 100? He’s sucking 1% of the noise in the room into him.

I KNOW I HAD HIM DURING THE SMALL TIME PERIOD THAT IS DAYTIME-  W H E R E  I S  C A R L?!

“Maybe he went to get a shower?” Mike suggests, shrugging and looking to CC for help.

CUPCAKES DONT SHOWER?!

“Then I have no idea. We haven’t seen him, since, y’know, we’ve only been here for a  couple of minutes, and you haven’t yeeted him at us.

NIGHTMARE?! HAVE YOU SEEN HIM?!

The fox took him.
Gulping fox noises.
Mike grabs CC and slides under the bed with him, leaving a flashlight to where the Freddles m e l t  i n  h e l l.
Foxy feeling alone. He also knows he’s absolutely fucked.

Heavy footsteps intensify.

It was an accident! I swear! Foxy is desperate.

You should know not to eat cupcakes that are in the kitchen unless you made them. Spoopy Chica is at the door.

I THOUGHT BONNIE MADE CUPCAKES THOUGH!

Dont drag me into this- it takes me 2 hours to make normal cupcakes.

Mike silently watching from under the bed be like 👁👄👁. Foxy’s totally screwed.
Foxy melts into the shadows, hiding.

CC yeets himself at the door and slams it shut in Chica’s face.

Mike blinks and looks where CC was a moment later. “Holy fuck you’re fast.” Slides out from under the bed when the Freddles try to give him hugs.

“Something that happens when you yeet yourself at doors all the time.”

“I’ve gotten stronger. You’ve gotten faster.” Mike mumbles. 

“Fuck- my brain took that and ran-”

Mike wheezes and turns red. “NOT-”
Foxy peeks his head out from behind stuff. Faster at... what?
Mike is dying.

“sTrOnGer… wItH wHaT?”

Mike wheezes harder.

“And I’m stronger than you~” Singing fox noises.

CC is having a difficult time breathing.

Que Nightmare shoving his face through the wall again. HAI-
Foxy literally goes through the roof.

“P F F F T-”

D A N G L I N G  F O X  L E G S  T H R O U G H  T H E  C E I L I N G
Mike is on the ground rolling around- again.

Door has been abandoned. Chica can open it- but she doesn tknow if thats a good idea-

Foxy faceplants to the ground again. CHICAN NUGGOUT ALAERT.

Chica is concerned- 

Mike stands up again, kisses Nightmare on the nose, and slams the door shut.
Nightmare is doing his impression of a murderous fish. DID YOU JUST-

Bonnie, Chica, and CC are just laughing their heads off- Bonnie literally lost his head-

Mike notices this and is wheezing to death.

Mmmhmhmmfmfhmfmhfmfhfmfhmfhmfhmf! 

Mike shoves his head back on.

Thamk yoi-

“No problem.” Mike commit smile.

Chica realizes her mistake and backs out of the room.

Mike closes the door behind her.

Chica wants to fade into nothing- she is now “silently” making her way to the kitchen where she will be for a while-

Nightmare pays her a visit while she’s in the kitchen. Bad Chica...

Fear 1000

Nightmare has begun the dismantling.

Screeching Chica sounds, poofing Chica sounds.

Nightmare being like ‘w h y  m e’. FREDBEARRRR-
nO-
YES-
Fine.
Fredbear laughing noises.
“What, so we’re doing 20/20/20/20/20/20/20? Or just ‘BBBBBBBBBOOBS! Mode?”

More like… 20/20/20/1000000000000littleshits. Because now Chica seems pissed at Nightmare. And- why do people call it “BBBBBBBBBOOBS! Mode?”

“Because Markiplier is an inappropriate idiot. It’s also the night that Nightmare’s supposed to live, but since logic died… Now we get to get that difficult hardass and the other difficult hardass, and all of the animatronics.”

Um- I only just started watching him. Sad Bonnie noises.
“It seems like Chica is on our side- so- that helps-”
“Somewhat.” Mike just working on his little gun project.

I mad at both Nightmare and Foxy. I just need to decide who has a higher chance of killing me if I attack them. Nightmare would-

Carl noises emanate from Foxy’s general direction.

Chica grabs Michael’s wrench and stabs into his stomach. She doesnt hit carl- she can sense her child.

Surprised fox noises.

Y o i n k s  Carl out-  

CC respawns Foxy. 

Michael accidentally makes gun shoot.
Loud surprised bear noises from the hall.

“... thats awesome. SHOOT THE BEARRRRRRRRRRRRSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!”

Bang bang bang bang bang bang.
A heavy body hits the ground outside the door.

“Y E E E E E E  E E E E E” Happy CC noises-

Nightmare slams the door open. YOU SHOT HIM?
Bang bang bang.
Surprised Nightmare noises.

H a p p y  C C.

Nightmare falls to the round, limp noodlz style.

*clapclapclapclapclap* Happeh CC noises.

“Now what?” Mike notices a bit of twitchiness in Nightmare. Que rapid bangs.
Nightmare continues to get back up.
Mike reaches behind him and grabs one of those fluorescent light tubes (like the ones in school), shoves it down the barrel of a different contraption, hooks it up to an outlet and pulls the trigger.
The fluorescent light tube blasts out the end, leaving a trail of burning air behind it. It slams into Nightmare and fucking explodes.
Nightmare is sent through the window.
Mike does it again for good measure.
Foxy sorta leans out the window and looks at the smoking pile of liquid that used to be Nightmare. He turned all melty. Remind me not to piss you off.
Mike turns back to le smoller brother. “Kay, now what?”
Fredbear stands.
Mike whirls around and literally blasts him with a flamethrower.
Melty bean.
Mike cautiously turns back to the child. “...okay.”
CC justadmiringthis.

Froddy looks at the puddle.
*Gun loading sounds*
Freddy looking up and realizing he’s dun fukd up.
Froddy is briefly a shadow demon before he gets sucked to hell by Luci.
Foxy kinda just stares where Froddy became a floppy banana and poofed. Holy shit-

“Im suprised that worked- but even more surprised they arent immediately coming back.”

“Luci’s probably kicking the shit outta his eyeballs.” Completely serious Mike.

“... I can just summon him back by letting the freddles do their thing-” 

“Probably, but Luci’s just gonna drag him right back to-”
“HEY-” Offended Luci screech as he’s yeeted at Mike.
Mike catches the demon.

“Oh hey. A demon has been sent to a different hell!”

Gibbering Luci as he tries to free himself to scratch the child. Uh, the CC child.
Mike calms Luci down.

CC is doing his best to not snort- 

Luci is commiting shoulder sit.
COMMUNISM! Angry Freddy screeches.

Facepalming CC noises.

Freddy appears.
Scatting Luci. Yeeting Luci.

Staring Bonnie and Chica.

Luci being chaotic evil and bouncing around the room. “What the fuck you looking at?”

… you-
Bonnieno-

Luci calms down and crashes into the bed. He’s lost in the sheets for now (he’s like a foot tall ;-;)
Mike looks at CC like, ‘idfk’.
Freddy seems to remember what he’s supposed to be doing and bites part of CC’s head off. Literally.
Mike immediately goes into Brotherly Rage.
Freddy is very fearful for his life.

CC be like: this is normal.

Mike makes time back up slightly, to before the bean was bit two seconds before. Freddy is now trapped against the wall with a very pissed off brother about to stab his soul.
Luci is kicking Freddy in the shins.
Freddy poofs.
“You alright?” Concerned brotherly noises.

Confused CC noises. “tHe fUcK jUsT haPpEneD?”

“Freddy tried to eat you again.”
Luci bouncing around the room noises.

“... What is it with Freddys and trying to eat me?”

“They’re assholes.”
Literally every Freddy in existence: “Hey…!”
“Except Gabriel-” Mike remembers the nice bear.
ThAnk yOU- Happy Gabriel noises (SINCE FREDDy’S MY BEAN THE CHILD’S MY BEAN).
Luci finally frees himself from the labyrinth of fabric. “I’m frEEEE-”

CC is preparing for his ears to bleed-

Luci has returned to being a rocket.
Is… he high on catnip? Ducking fox noise.
“I”M NOT A- *wHAM* CAT- *SLAP* BUT- *CRASH* I AM *BOING* HIGH ON CATNIP* WHIP*” High Luci noises echo through the room.
Mike pulls down CC before he gets a Luci-shaped hole through his head. “How did he get catnip???”
Foxy stands up a bit, and immediately Luci slams into his back and knocks him down.

“Idk! The more important question is HOW TO STOP HIM-”

“I HAVE NO IDEA!” Mike watching the high cat-demon bounce around may sound amusing, but t was, in fact, quite terrifying.

“I can kick him out- I can kick him out- I  c a n  k i c k  h i m  o u t”

“Uh, you’d have to kick me out to do that because he’s my personal Demon.” Embarrassed Mike.

“iTs mY bRaIn?!”

“True.”

“Imma just open the doors-” CC just casually crawling across the floor- trying to get to the fuckin door without getting smacced into-

WHAM. CC is crushed by Luci who bounces off and continues on his way.

“YEP- THATS IT-” Pissed CC noises.

Mike ducks at that. BALLISTIC CC ALERT- mental screaming.

CC yeets himself at the bed- then tries to catch Luci with the blankets-

While Luci would love to be in / on a set of bedsheets at the moment, he wouldn’t like it to be with this child nor in front of these people. Luci slips out of the sheets and rams into the wall. Luci is now unconscious.
Mike is more calm now.

CC goes to the kitchen and turns on the oven- and yeets Luci in the oven.

“Oh hey this is comfortably warm.” Happy Luci noises. He’s from hell, child. Oh right, and heat turns him on.
Uhm.
I mean.
Heat makes him wake up.
Mike is just watching this from the doorway like ‘wtf’.

Content CC noises.

Luci simply frees himself.

CC is triggered.

Luci doesn’t care.
Mike is watching this chaos unfold. “How long until the night ends?”

“Wake up Liutenant!” *Rapid loud slapping sounds* “It’s me, Connor!”

“It ends… good question. Luci broke the clock.”

“LuCIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIII-” Anger Mike.
Luci skitters away quite quickly. He knows better!
Mike has returned to the room and is busy fixing the fucking clock. “He completely destroyed this fucking thing…:”

“At least the clock doesnt actually determine the time.”

“Unlinke in FNaF 3-” Mike is annoyed.

You cheated though- I would have won- A N D  Y O U  C H E A T E D- Pissed Scrappy Bean.

Mike gives exactly 0 shits.

Not -10 shits? At least it’s not the negatives-

Mike has reached -100 shits.

I spoke too soon-

Indeed. Foxy is attempting to help now.

“... Okay- now Im sorta questioning whether to just say ‘fuckit’ for this night-” yes CC said this-

“I’d be perfectly fine with that.” Mike shrugs as he sets the clock on fire. “DAMN-”

What is it with you and fire?

“I’m very good at creating it.” I hope you die in a fire~

Die In A Fire is now blasting through the house-

“Did my brain just turn into the Spotify playlist???” Startled Mike.

“N e v e r!”

“Uhmn.”

“DIE IN A FIRE ISH GUD, OKAYYY?!”

“Yesh.” Mike accidentally sets the clock on fire again.

“... can you do ANYTHING without making a fire?”

“Nope.”

“... you need help. A lot of it.”

“You wanna try this?” Mike looks at the bean questioningly.

“No. Im saying you need help. You think I can do any better? ”

“I know what you mean.” Mike has extinguished the flame and has fixed the clock.

“Once this shit is done, you should get halp- before you burn more shit-”

Mike is silent.

“You planned on burning more shit, didn’t you-”

“Actually, no.”

“Good to know. I’ve already had my bedroom burned by a certain Foxy.”

Foxy is choosing to ignore that comment.

“... welp. Im bored.”

“End the night and we’ll come back and then we’ll be less bored because  a n i m a t r o n ic s.”

“Smort. NIGHTETH- ENDETH-” 

The world stops existing, Mike has disappeared. Luci goes with him.

Looks like the world has been dun yeeted.

Mike is waiting for Night 3 to start.

N i g h t  3  L i v e s

Mike exists.
Foxy, Freddy, NFB, and Nightmare have all been factory reset. They are back to being alive and murderous machines.

CC exists
Animatronics do the shit above because im too lazy- 

Foxy clicks active and screeches free from the room.

“... That was loud-”

“No kidding. What got into-” Mike notices the lack of automatic door systems. “Uh-” All his shit’s gone.

“I t ‘ s  f i n e. I have a whole system. Now, unless the abundance of scarves is gone, we should be fine.”

Mike looks at where the missing dresser should be.

“Well. Shit. Guess we gotta be somewhat normal. I dont like that. I WANT MY SCARVES-”

“I don’t like being normal. Normal never got me anywhere in life. Normal never got me far with relationships. Being normal got me shot several times in my career.”

“Well. Maybe we pull a Markiplier and swear our way through it-”

“THat only works because Mark was wearing his ‘lucky flannel.’

“Good point. I could try and find your room-”

“I don’t have a room. Nothing exists in this house except these halls, your room, and the kitchen.”

“Well. I- why- f u c k.”

“It’s your dream.”

“Well. THEN WHY ARE MY SCARVES GONE?!”

Mike points at the floating errors in the air mostly consisting of one dependancy or another being missing. One thing of note is that ‘Animo-peace.sett’ and ‘.andrd’ are missing. In addition to this, several errors, such as ‘Mike-circuit.exe’ or ‘Mike-doorintellect.lod’ are also drifting around. “Definitely not normal.”

“This makes no sense- but- neither does my nightmare in general- so-”

Mike briefly blips out of existence, then comes back. “Looks l1k3 I might b3 in a b17 0f a pi(kl3.” GlitchyMike.

“What did you do-”

“n0 id3@.” Mike is becoming increasingly staticy.

“... imma guess imma be alone-”

“o|\|(3 1 |=1X 7|-|3 P40|ol3m 1 can c0|\/|3 |o@|<.” Mike poofs into many errors mostly consisting of ‘err_connection_lost’.

“... thats no gud-”

---
Mike
Mike has returned to the real world to the lovely smell of burnt out capacitors. That’s gonna be annoying to fix. After about 20 minutes he finally replaces the last of the hundred capacitors, hooks the capacitorLink wire back up, and hops back into the sleep chamber that lets him yeet his presence into the other bean’s head.

---
Mike & CC
Mike has returned. “Am bacc.”

CC is currently planning.
“Welcome back.”

“Whacya plannin’?” Mike hears footiesteps and slams the door in Foxy’s face.

“When to throw Foxy at the other animatronics. Why?”

Grinning Mike. “I can pull some strings if you give me enough time.”

“deargoddontbreakmyshitagain-”

Mike has frozen, and looks like a hologram right now. He’s flickering slightly too.

“... oh great.” footsteps intensify- door slamming intensifies-

After about 43 minutes Mike has returned to living. CC’s scarves have returned and Mike is holding a Foxy cannon.

Happeh and confused CC noises.

Foxy pries a door open.
Mike sends a nuke at his face.
Foxy consumes the nuke.
Cue Mike staring in shock as the nuke explodes in Foxy’s stomach and he doesn’t blow apart.

“Foxy- just- get in the closet-”

Foxy obliges.
Mike runs over, tapes a flashlight pointing down at Foxy, and turns it on. Foxy is now stuck in plushie form.

CC already has his flashlight melting the Freddles. No Freddy tonight. UnU
Cue Foxy and Freddy having a mental screaming contest.

Cue CC shoving things in front of the doors.

Mike is helping the bean shove thingz ‘round.

Doors are blocked.
Nootmare Chica and Bonneh are pissed-

Foxy is mentally screeching at Freddy for help.
Mike is busy gluing the doors closed since :sporkle: no electronics :sporkle: even though there’s a lot of shit in front of the doors. Glue here, glue there, glue everywhere. Mike is totally not paying attention to what he’s doing.
Foxy is wondering what the fuck Mike is doing.

CC is also wondering what the fuck Mike is doing.

Mike has returned to existing and has stopped squirting glue everywhere.

Facepalming CC noises.

Mike has cleaned up the errant glue.
Foxy has given up.

Chica is attempting to commit big brain with Bonnie. Bonnie is calling her an idiot. Bonnie has been yeeted.
BonBon noises.

Mike yeets BonBon away outta sheer surprise.

“ALL MY FREINDS YEEET ME-”

Funtime Foxy yeets Bonbon back and poofs.

“. . . Yeah im never going to question that- Im now afraid of waking up-”

“Probably for the best.”

“Yeahhhhhhh.”

Cue the clock flipping to 3:AM.
Mike is staring at the clock, then CC, then the clock again. “Did it just-”

“Oh hey- the cursed hour- I am now half expecting a Breadbear-” 

Flurry of activity.

“I mean a legit, cursed, Breadbear-”

Mike quickly Googles Breadbear.
Mike remembers this thing. Mike is intense fear.

“Dont blame me! It gets boring being a dead thing.”

Mike hears bread noises from the hallway.

“And Google is both cursed and entertaining.”

Bread noises are slamming against door. Door is shaking violently.
Mike is very fear. “What are we supposed to do?”

“I dont know. Canonically I slam the door in his face. Here we have wet glue everywhere and shit covering the door.”

“Which won’t hold up against an animatronic of such b̴̧͍͙̪͉͔͓̟̺̼͔̣̣̞̌ͯ͊͗͆̓͑̄̂̾̽̽ͨ͘͘͠r̸̞҉̸̢̢̛̠̲͔̦͕̫̝͎̦̜̤̩͂̀ͫ͑̎̅͗̊̈̍̍̄̇ͪ͆͊̑̈́͒ͬ̇̓̍̐̅ͪ͋̈͗͛̈́ͧ̂̾̇͛͟͠͞ͅe̗̺̩҉̸̸̴̢̛̝̙̥̝̫̲̺̮͔̣̰̫̞̰̙͉͎̟̺͉̺̘̰̼̺̦̦̃ͩͬ̍̆ͦ͑̽̐̓̋̊̇ͮ̊̐ͩ̉ͣ͛ͬ͐ͩ̏ͤͧ̏͊͛̍͐͑̽͑̔̓ͮ̔̚͢͟͠͠͠͡a̡̛͎̤̥͕͉̮̖ͭͫͨ͐̋̐ͨ̇͟͜͡͞͞҉̶̸̶̵̨̢̬̺̳̤̜͚̣̻̥̘͓̹̥̺̣̖̳͓̳̭̳̹̼͙͛͆ͣ́̈̌͊́ͫ̂̍̌̄͗̂ͫ̌̑͐̀̉̌ͦ͒̊̔̈́͑̄̾͒̉̓ͮ̚͘͘͢͞͞͡͠d̷̷̞̜͔̻̗̻̯̗̩͓͇́̽̎͆̈́̽ͫ̌̆̓̃ͮͩ͛̑͊̑̕͟͡͞͝҉̶̸̸̨̧̞̗̰̤̬̘̞̞̜̪̳̙͈͕̖̗͖̭̰̲̪̠̻̌̅̀̿ͧ̓̏͌ͫ͋̉ͮͭ̏͋̿ͬ̃ͣ̅ͤ͆ͭ̉ͩ͑ͤ̉̒̾͘͞͞͝͡͡į̸̵̸̸̨̨̢̨͉̺̼̥̦͓̤̻̜̗͕̦͚͈̗̣̘̲̫̊ͮͩ̍ͧ̃̃ͪ̃́ͮ̓̈ͬ̀͜͜͢͠ͅ҉̴̨̪̦̟̦̯̗̙̩͖̦̖͚̥͈̌͂̽͋̀̎ͩ͌ͨ͑ͥ̀̋̑̕͟͠͡҉҉̺̞̮͒͑̂ͣ͆̽͞҉ţ̴̷̢̪͍̠͔͈̤͎̫͓̦̘̝̥̪̤̗̗̦̭̜̃ͭ̈ͨ͋̾͋̾͗̀ͣ͌͋́́̌͑̈́̃͑ͨ̽̈́ͩ̈ͦͪ̈̄̊̚͜͢͟͡҉̷̶͉͖̮̋ͪ͛͋͒̐̓ͩ̀̅͊̍ͫ̍̀̚͢͝ų̷̴͔͔̳̻̠͇̑́ͭͭ̈́͛ͨͪͨ͋ͥ͐ͭͦ̆̌͌̆͞͡҉̸̶̼̮̹͎͙̤ͮ̊̂̈́͆̋͊̅̂̄͠͞҉̺͉̼̣͛̀͛̈́ͦ͘ḑ̸̶̗̰̠̥͉̠̰̣͙̊͆ͣ̓ͣͮ͆̇̓̄̽͗ͧͫ̀͆̿̕̕̚̚͞e̵͛̚͜.” Mike doesn’t notice the ‘game’ glitching all around them. “Ẃ̼̗͔͔̣̲̎ͤ͗̈͊̽ͦ̀̉̕͞a̵̵̵̷̧̺̰̝̲̣͙͔̳͋̃̆ͦ̇̔͑̈́͡͝ͅį̧̛̼̝͉̦̣̼̺̲͙͋̓͂̀͑ͅtͨ what the̷̢̢̨̛̛̦͍͉̬̣̱̺̙̱͇͔̳̼̝̗̮̗̳̔̄͋̆ͨ̅͗̎ͤͨ͐̀̆̈́̿͌ͦͫ͆̃͑̊̅͗̔ͩ̀͋̅̚̕͟͢͠ ̸̷̸̸̶̡̢̨̛͇͍̭͓̩̝̮̹͎̰͖͈͔̭̹̯̠̻̩͇̬͎̬̪̻̟̮̖͈̮̦͙̜̻̌́̐̀͛ͥ̅ͦ̊͐ͦ̂̃̉͛̀̌ͧ̆ͪ͛ͦ̈́̋̿͑ͦ̋̂ͨͤ̂̂ͯ̉̒̉ͩ̿̋ͬͪͨ͋́̕͘͘͘͟͢͟͢͟͜͝͝f̶̸̷̷̴̸̢̧̢̢̪͓̳̤̻̗̙̖͕̯̭̗̣͍̼̝̹͕͎̺͚̘̤̖̭̜̞̻͉̲͙̹̟͇̳͎̭̩̙̹͔̈́͒ͫͧ͗̔̽̾̍̿̉ͪ̈̊͗̽ͤ́̂ͩ͌͒ͭ̌͊̓̌͊̈̾̇͋̓ͯ͆͑̃ͤ̈́ͧ̀̉ͣͤ͘͘͘̚͜͟͜͜͡͝͡͞ͅͅ҉̫͕͛̆̈́͜u̗͔͎̤̮̠̯̖̬̯̩͙ͫ͐͌̑̌́̿̒̎̄͒̅ͦ̉͌͊ͦͦ͑͜͟͢҉̨̧̨̧͎̲̮̼̥͙̟͚͓̤͚̹̖̜̩̖̫̺̻̞̠̣̘̉̔̿͂ͨ̔ͣ̉̋̈̊̀̾̎̑ͧ̓ͫ̉ͩ͘̚͘͟͞͡͝͠͝͠҉̵͇̪̞̀̂̔͟ͅc̴̸̵̷̢̡͕̫̭̙̝̙͚͚̖̥̦̰͕̙̭̣̖͋́͊ͬ̀̅͆̊̒̍͌́ͨ̒ͤ̌̌̍͛̃ͮ̆̃̓̅ͣ̄ͯͣͤ͘̚͢͟͢͢͝ͅͅk͎̀ͭ̆ͫ is hap̸̵̙͖̼̙̫͍̟̦̥̩͖͔̖͙̲̩̯̫̘̲̑̓ͣ͌̐ͩͪ͂̓̅̎̇̇̈́̿̏ͫ̉ͮ͒̌̚͟͢͜͠͝p̶̶̷̨̧̹̪̣̖͇̜̳̱͓̭̰͈̞̥̲͖͐̆̋̇͐̾͆̅ͪ̏̋̅̄̐̃̚͘҉̡̰̥͖͎̣͚͓̥̝̰͔̩͚̗͍̰̰̭̰̝̖̻̱́̀́͆ͥ̽́̂ͥ̇̊̍̈͌́̂̾ͭͫ̎̄ͩ̂̓̽̃̓̂̀͜͠͠ę̴̷̵̷̷̶̴̨̡̡̧̛̛̺̹̦̼̫͕̬̲͔̖̘̘̠̹̘͙͎̘͓̠̭͍̗̥̥͉̙͓̘̥̱̖̬̯͚̞͉̟͈̦̜̼̟͕̫̖͇̇ͩ̔͛͂ͣ̄́ͧ̅̽ͭ͌͒̾̋̀ͦ̽͌̒ͩͫ̈́ͩ̋̎ͦ̅̽ͫͬͤ̀̋͂͐̿̀̉ͤ̔̇̕̚͟͜͟͝͞͞͡͠͝ͅn̶̸̶̢̢̛̛̠͖̮͎̰̯̮̞̣͎̞̳͇͉̤͍̦̫̹͕͇̬͔͓̯̮̟̠̞̟͇͙͍̙͎̮͚̞̠͈̮̘̠͔̼͚̬̑̊̈́̂̏̓̃͊ͬ̊ͨ̿̈́ͯ̀̿ͧ̒̄ͦ́ͫͯͩ̾ͮ͐̂̽̋̑ͯͫ̾̓͂̉̇ͦͤ̎͋͘͘͟͜͢͜͡͞͠͝͝į̴̧̨̛̛͈͎͕̫̭̭̘͔̫̙͉͔̱̲͈̥̠̪͙ͮͬͬ̈́ͮ̓ͧ̍ͣ̎͊ͯ͛̌́̅͌ͤ͑̒ͦͧ͊̔̈́̃̊̄̂̾̉̄̾̿̽͂ͣ͂̚̕͘̚͟͟͞n̶̷̥̲̩͇̜̙̫̝̬ͩ̈́ͨ͡g???”

“Did you break it again?” Half calm CC noises. “If you broke it again, we are going to have a problem.”

“I̛̛̻̮̲̱̪̺͕͎̬̐̐̆ͥ͌̓ͬͥͧ̑̓̄̅̿ͪ͗̚͜͝ͅ ̸̸̸̵̷̶̨̧̨̗̤̺̼̗͙̮͎̤͚̱̝̠͉̻̺͚̘͚͚̣͗̾̄ͫ͒̉ͣ̀̈́͊̾̓̈̉ͩ̓͂̆̃ͭ̉̑͑͗̀́͑̿ͭ͗̚͠t̸̷̵̸̴̷̨̛̙̩̩͔̫̺̩̰̟̻͓̠̘͖̲̞̼͕̹̳̥̳͍̬̮͇̥̗͕̊́͌ͩ̃͂̓ͥ́̈́̓̆́͑͌̐͗̋̽̿ͦ̔ͭ͐ͪ̇̈́̈ͩͣ͂̍ͯ̒̄̓ͧͫ̌̉ͬ͛̔͑͐̎̚͘̚͜͢͡͝ͅh̷̡̛̛͕̤͎͕̫̥̲͍̥̟̫̟̼̬͍̺̣͇̗͍̥͖̙̟̠̞̻̟̘̼͍̯̟͍̠̲͆̈́ͤ̃͂̋͊̀̇ͪͭͪ̓̓͑͛̀ͭ͌̓̀̈́̿ͦ̐ͫ͑ͧ̌͆͂̌ͮ̀̌̇ͦ͋ͤ̕̚͢͠͡͞͝ͅ҉̛̭̹͢҉̵̢̢͈̲̻̘͎̞͎͔̟̾̓̿̽͊ͪ͛̑̒̊ͧ͘͘̚͠į̴̵̵̶̵̷̵̧̧̧̛̫̬͔͎͉̫̼̯̪̫̹͍̟̝͉̞̞̼͓̺͇̪̭̤̠͍̦͍͔͙̹̟̙̹̪͉͈̰̳̗̗͇͚̜͍͈͚̜̻͇̯̗̖̞̺͑̔̒̆ͤ͛ͪ̒ͩ͐͐͐̌͋̏ͪ̾͒ͣͩ́͌̏ͯͥ͑ͪ̈̽̇́ͭͧ̋̒ͮ̂̓ͭ̈́̔́̊̋̊̀̿̾̒̒̑̐̈́̂̎̓̄̅͌̐̍̍͋̈́͘͘͘̕̕͜͢͢͟͜͜͠͞͠͞͠n̵̴̷̶̢̧̢̧̧̡̢̛̛̛̩̰͇͓̰̳̜̥̯̪̭̬̬̘͓̻̝̞̭͖̦͇̲̝͎̯͙͈̮̹̙̦̲̯̰̯͎̝̪̜̻̣͎̬̝̟̰͇̑ͩ̍ͭ̔ͧ̒͌̓̋̏͂̀͗̔̆͑̾ͣ͋͒̆͑ͦ̓ͮ̍̂ͫ̽͗̅̓̈́̽̇̄̏́̌̿̐͊͊́ͮ͒͗̾̽͛̿̓ͭ͗̿̕̕̚͟͠͡͝͠͡͝ͅ҉̷̡̨̧̣̣̳͔̫̦̩̪͍̝̦̭̫̭̲̝̗͑͛̔̈́ͫͨ͌̐̃͌ͯ̾ͫ͛̈́ͦͥͧ̂̕͜k̵̛̠̠͎͙̹̱ͨ̃̓̄҉̵̛̱̯̩̝͍̜̼̥̜͚̲̘̹͒ͪ̈́̔ͦ̆͆̈́͒̊̍̏͋̕͡҉̶̶̡̤̳̬͉͔̜͙͔͙͕͚̀͋̉̿͗ͣ͋͌̍̉̆̃͗̓̒̓͗̈̅̔ͫ͐̕͘͞҉̦̻͖̥́͋͋̏̈̑ͦ͛̀͂̿͑͛҉̷̴̷̧̧̨̫͇͖͕͕̹̭̝̙̹̜̙̻̭̭̗̘̪̜̫̫̜̲͖̼̰̮͍̭͈̩͈̩͔̜̲͖̟̫͔̑̽ͦ̈͒̏ͪ͐̂͊̑́ͩ̓ͤ̆̉̈̏͂͆̎ͩ̉ͫ́̓͛̅ͫ͌̄̄̐͊ͬ̍̑ͦ͑͂͘͘͢͟͞ͅ ̸̴̵̴̸̶̵̸̷̵̨̨̡̡̨̧̧̛̛̛̪̰̻̭̮͓̩̙̜̲̟͔̝̤̱̲̱̻̲̗̟̱̭̬̠̲̤̩̰͉͉̫̼̭͈̳̟̳͍͎͙̦͇̠̭̜̙̦͓̯̻̹̞̥̘͙̩̺̘̣̥̗̜̬͇̪̩̒ͪ͂ͤ̈́̆ͮ̏ͧ͑̔̄̆͗ͪ͒ͩ̉͗̔̃̈́͐̓ͯ̒̃͆ͫ̾̿̓̀̔ͪ̔̀ͤͧ̉́ͭ̒̾͆ͨ̈̉ͯ̽̓̋͊̀̏̂̆̈́ͫ́̒ͣ̿͐ͫͮ̽̆̂̅̀̐ͮ̈́̏̒̋͌ͯ͗ͯ̑͗͂̔̎́̂ͬͮ̐̒̄ͤ̍ͯ̅̐ͫͬ̔̊͊̅̐͌ͧ͘͘̚͘̕̕̚͟͢͢͞͞͝͝͝͝͝͞͞͝͞ͅB̴̶̵̴̴̴̵̶̴̷̸̡̛̛̖̗̗̥̠̜̮̤̝̺̤͕͔̬͓̥̩̞̰͍͈̯͔̙̰̮͚̟̈́̏̓̔̒̅̓ͦ̊̆̃̇͆̿ͩ́̽̔̅̊̂̅̇ͪͧͤ͗̓̕͘̚͘͡ͅ҉̸̢̮̮͙͉͙͓̃ͭ̚҉̸̵̶̵̡̡̧̣̼͙̱̻̳͈͇̗̗̦͈̯̣͇̲̰̼̥̫͖̫͔͈̙̩̫̟̭̺̦̪̰͕̼̲̘̙͓̰̫̘̲̺͇̗͉͈̠̖̞̥̩͖͈̪́ͫ͑̀̒̇̏̈́̽̀̌̽ͬͥ̊͋ͬ̇̌̄̀̐̈ͮ̽͑̌̂̀̍̑͊ͧ͛̓̍̈̂̾̿̃̃̏ͨͬͤͦ͒͂͌͑̏ͮ̔̐́ͧ̈́͒̓̆ͩ͛ͪ̉͛̕͘̕̚͜͢͜͞͡͡͡͡͠͠r̶̸̡̡̛͎̜̮̙̤̟̫̮͉̗̰̼̙͓̠͙̬̅̃̃̿͛̾̌̊͑ͫ̎͂̔̔ͮ̆͗ͤ͒̅̓̑̆ͪͩͫ̾͢͟͜͢͞͠͠͞͞҉̵̶̸̡̧̧̨̨̡̨̢̛̮̖̣̬̝̦̪͉̞̖̯͔͍̯̻̺̪̪̼͔̫̤͙̠̟̦̙̭̭͔̱̠̼̳̙̬̞̖͓̞͖͎̘͍͈̫̜̬͇̻̆ͤ̿͐̊ͦͧ̍ͨ̑̇̏̂ͤͯ̈́́̇ͤ̈̀̎ͩͫ̈́̆̆̆̍ͫ͐̄͒ͪͦ̌ͪ̃̀͑̍̏̑͛͂ͪͫͩ͋ͫ͒͐͘̚͘̚͘͘͟͜͢͟͜͜͢͝͠͝͠ͅ҉̸̷̴̴̡̛͖̘̳͉̪̪̬͖̗͉̮̣̻̻̟̪̳̓͂͋̓̈ͥ̏ͤ͆́͋̊ͯͧͣ͊͌ͩ̀ͮ̇̄̋́͐̔̓̕͟͠͡͡͝ȇ̴̸̴̷̶̸̵̡̡̢̨̨̢̤̹͔̣̘̼̠̩̩̻̦̼͇̥̭̗̻͚̞̙͇̦̦̝̳̫͓̞̤͉̣̣̖͙͕͇̰̤̜͎͖̻̞͗̀̐̉̌̏̓̅̒ͦ̂ͨ͐̓̂ͨ͗́̽͆͛́ͪ̌̎̃͆̽̄ͤ̅̑̒ͦͧ̃̍ͮ̋́͗ͩ̈̑͗̑ͫͦ̇͒͗ͯ̆̆͘͘͢͢͟͝͠͡ͅͅ҉̡̧̛̗͙̞͓̲͚͚̟̜͓̰̟̼̰̜͉̙̜̙̼͙̣̠̬̙̹́́̄ͣ̔̌̊͒̔ͩ̾͒̿͋̍̇ͣ̊̂ͫ̈́̈̇ͦͮ̋̃̋ͮͨͣ̽ͦ̒͌̃̎ͫ͆̾̈̓͒ͮ̑́ͧ̍͑͆ͭ̍̇̕͟͢͢͢͡͝͡͡͞ͅ҉̴̵̷̢̟̰̮̥̖̣̟̖̗̺͉̙͉̂̎͛ͪ̅ͧ̋̽̽ͣ͛ͣ̽̅͆̚͟͝҉̘ͮͩ̒́ͩ̽̈́a̴̶̷̢̛̩̰̥̰̩̭̪̞̘͚͍̟̺̙̱̹̠͆̆̈́ͮ̈ͦͧ̓ͮ̑̈́̋͛̂͋ͥ͐̊ͤ͌͐̐͑̍ͪ͒̐͑̆̓̓̋̈̄͑̂ͦ͘̚͜͡҉̴̨̢̛̬͕̻̠̦̬͔͕̙̯̘̤̘̆͋͋ͯ̈́͗̌͐͊̃͑ͮ́̐̕͘͜͜҉̷̴̶̸̵̵̸̷̵̨̢̣̤͉̻̮̜̘̠̠͓̰̣̼͈̹̯͚͓̤̺̳͇̟̤̩̬͚̫͉̣͍̘͈̥͓̀͐̄̓̈̐ͭ̊̋̉ͩ͗̐͊̿̌̃ͦͧ͌ͧ̃ͤ̀͋̅̌͊ͩ̈ͦ͑̎͛̍͆̊͆͑ͬ̇ͥ͌́ͦ͂̑͐̀̃͋ͫ̑̍ͣ̇ͥͯ̎͗̈́̕̕͘͜͟͢͢͟͟͢͝͡͠͠҉̶̸̴̴̴̢̨͇̠̮̠̱͓̙͔̼͕ͯͤ̑ͮ͂ͮ̿͑̊̊̀ͫ̾̆ͥͭͭ̊͑ͮͪ̍̀̌ͥ̉́ͩ͞d̶̴̴̴̵̸̴̶̶̴̵̴̵̷̵̵̷̵̷̴̷̢̨̡̡̨̨̛͈̫͓̖̥̹̦͎̲̮͎̝͉̭̗̖͕͕̘͚͍̪͉͔̖̫̘̩̬̱̫̭̣͈͔̤̬̙̬̪͚͙̭̻̣̙̯̥̮̳͔̫̼̗̫͖̰̣̬͚͓̺͙̖̬̥͚̩̙̺̬͕͍̬̖͉͔̩̱̭̝ͬ͐̀ͯ̊ͦ̎͑̽͐̑͊̒ͧͩ͆̃ͧ̅͑ͤ͑͐́̏̓͋́̑ͮͫ́̓̑ͫ̈̂̐̊̇̀̍̓ͨ͛͑̀ͯ̿͒͛̏ͩ̀̂̔̌ͤ̇͋̈́ͪ̾̉͊͌̀ͥ̑ͪͫ̓́͆̎̿͂̿̾͒̔̈́̌̎͗ͭͪ̀̄͗̅̓̆ͪͯ̐ͫ͛ͨ͑͋̌ͦ́̇ͨ͋̐̂̀́̊͆̽͂̇ͣ̿ͤ̾͆̾̈̏̾̒̂̾̚͘͘͘͘̕͘̕̕͢͜͟͢͟͢͜͟͟͟͢͞͞͡͞͞͝͡͠͞͝͞͡͝͞ͅͅb̵̸̷̵̶̷̴̸̴̵̶̵̡̢̨̢̢̧̡̛̞̱͔̯͓͉̤̪̤̘̤̲̗̻̤̠̜̦̩͚̼̞̱̬͖͚̬̦͙̤͇͇̩̪̣̩͍͎͓̟̗̤̲̼̲͉̭̖̣̮͖̱͙͍͎̟̜̘̬͈̬͔̭͈̲͔̮͈̤̖͕̣̬͖͎̙͚̭̹̜̮̱̺̀́͂̊͐ͥ̉ͧͮͬ̀̽̌͛͋̀͊̏͗̔̃ͩͯ́̀̿͑̈̋̓͗̍̂͌́̎̏̊ͬ̆̑̉͐́̆͆͋̉͆ͥ̀ͬ̎ͨ̄ͪ̄͊ͣ̄̊ͨ̑̊̋ͣ̓̏̑̀̾̑ͫ̉̀̃̃̆̾̏́̓́̓̊͒̾̅ͩ͒̍̉͗ͬ̚͘̚̚͘͘͟͢͜͜͢͜͡͠͞͝͠͞͡͠͡͝͡͝ͅͅ҉̷̶̢̢̛̛̮̮͙̭̠̫̮̘͈̦̗̼͓̜̫͖̠̬̮̝̹͖͌̄̀̀̃͂̀ͧ̃̌̔ͫ̃̎͒͛̈́̕͘͜͜͢͠e̻͓̽̕҉̸̶̧̨̛͉̱͖̱͕̥͕͇̱͚̬̼̲͓͓̩̥̳̮̣̤̪̲̼̠̬̟̤̓̓̑ͮ̽͋ͤ͐̂͌̍ͥͮ̋̈̔̐͌̍̀͛ͤͤ͋͊͆̃́͑̍͌ͦͨ̆̏̊̿̉́ͬ̽̿̀ͣ̑͘͘̚͜͜͝͝҉̷̸̷̢̡̢̭̫̭̠̭̖̮̝͓̲̬̳̀̅̒́̆͗̿̐̆̔͛͋̄̈́̌͛̉̕҉̴̸̶̸̸̨̛̣͕͕̤͓͖͈̰̯̘̬̰͖͉̞̲̪͔̱̳̦̓̆̾̂̌̆͆̃̔ͦ̉̄͛ͫͤ̎̒ͦ͑͋͑͐̀͆ͧ̔ͦ͂̔͐̚͘͘͜҉̸̷̸̡̨̧̛̣͕̯͇̦̹̤͎̪̰̳͈̹͍͚̪̮͇̺̠̳̤͓̩̫̳̬̖͈͌́́̑͋̿̑̀̔̃͆ͧ̽̔ͤ́̓ͪ͆ͯ̈́̓ͪ̆̉͐́̾ͦ́̓͗̏̉̑ͥ̂ͬ̿̆͛̚͘͞ͅͅa̵̷̸̢̤̟̫̭̭̩̥͖̬̫̲̜͕̼̲̝͈̺̘͔̰̟͖̣̖̪̫̣̼̺͉̰̗̮͓̥̝̘̤̫̺͙̜ͩ͌͐̋̌͋͊ͯ͛ͦ̾́ͪ͌ͣ̑̊̂̌̅͐ͪͥ͑ͪ̿̐ͩ̍̍̅ͫ̓̄̾͋̍ͪ͑ͫͭ̂͌ͮ̎̓́̈̋̈́͊ͧ̀ͩ̿ͤͥ̐ͪ͂̓̄̽ͣ̈́̒̾̚͘͢͢͠͝͡͡͡͝͡҉̶̸̴̴̴̵̨̢̡̢̛̛̛̻̞͔̤̳͎͍̭͚̦͇̬̳̦̪̙̰̭͉̬̜̟͓̼̬̞̞̫̼̙̯̘͉̗̺̹̠͈̪̺̘͚͖͈͚̰̯͚͂͆̉̿̀͐̇͂͑̏̊̃ͩͯͮ̿̓ͤ̽̀ͫͬͬ́̃̀̑͗̀̅ͨ̃̊́͊̂̎̃̒́ͯ̄ͥ̀ͧ̓ͦͦ̅͌͋̀ͪ̂̿̌͊̎ͧͦ̔ͭ͆̓̑̽̕̚͢͟͢͠͡͝͡͝͠͠͠ͅͅr̸̶̸̴̵̵̸̸̴̶̷̢̢̧̨̛̞̩̗̜͈̩͙̬̫̬͈͇̘̹͚̤̮̰̬̥̤͇̤̬̗̞͙͕͔̜͖̩̟͎̱͇̮̭̠̜͎̯̼̫̼͚͓̜͍͈̦̫̙̻̩̠͍̘͎̫̰̖̮̈͛̐͊̆̒͂́ͧ̿ͤͤ̂̆̾̈́̃̌͒̈́̋͊ͬ̈́̔̀͊̅̑̔̒̄͑̓̾ͥ̄ͪ̀̃͋͗̀̿͗̄̄̈́̓͆͛͛̑̋ͧ͑͆̎̄̂̈́͋́̊ͤ̋͐͒̈́̏̉̉̅ͭ̀͌͘͘̚̚͘͟͢͜͜͢͜͟͡͝͡͝͡͞͠͞ͅͅ҉̷̶̶̨̧̢̘̦̺̞̼̪̺͎̪͎̟̥̺̞̥̲̮͉̪̝̣͓͈̻̬̮͖̥͈̼̟̉ͩͩ̉̿̍̀̐ͥͪͪ̄͐̋ͮ͆̈̎ͬ̽́͆̈̂̾ͥ̅̉̀̓ͦͯ̉ͫ̑͌͑͐̅̿̚͟͜͡ ̶̴̷̵̵̷̶̢̢̢̢̢̢̛̛̲̮̣̩̣̭̖̝̭̬̝̲̯̯͓͕͙̗̞͕͖͔̺͉̦̲͉̠͓̣̞̝͔̲͙͓͇͍̻̼̘̖̘̘̭̠̺͈̫̜̫̌̌ͣ̌̎̿͆̂̅ͧͫ͐ͪ̈́ͦ̈́͂͊ͬͥ͊̉ͫ͛ͧ̂̃ͤ̌͂̈́́ͣ̉̐̀̎̍̾ͭ͆̈̊̇̂̍̾̑͌̉̔̃̓̀̊̓̂̊ͤ͋̀͑͗͐̓̅̐͛ͭ͒̿͌ͦ̿ͫ̏̍ͮ̇̊ͫ̕͘͘͜͢͟͜͟͢͠͞͞͠ͅͅ҉̷̨̡̡̛̻͈̳̥̼̙͓̙̙͓͉̞͎͖̘̩̩̩͕̜̰͇̜̯̫̻̞͚̫̖̳͎ͤ̾̓͑̇͋ͯ́ͥ͂͊͛̌̔͒ͬͮͤ͛ͬ͂̈́̓̅̊̊ͯ̍ͯͫ̓ͬ̄̒̿̂͑͑̋̕͘̚͟͢͡͞ͅį̸̛͈̗̥̱̯̱̤̜͖̳̲̟̳̗͓̘͊͛͆̀͋͋̌͂̽͋̃̑̅͌̀̑͒̐̀̏͋ͬ̑̆͟͝͡҉͉̠̈́͌̋̑̈̊͜͠҉̷̴̷̶̡̭̝̹̪̺͙̭̘͍̖͕̪͚̻̳̻͎̯̳͈̙̖̝̙̭̜̦̳͉̮̝̬͖͖̯̤̗͚̪̱̘̲͕̤͍̠̻̜̣͕̦̼̜̥͈̘̩͔̭̥̲͉͕͐̎ͨ̃̏ͩ̉̉̀̑̉͊̍͋ͣ̿̊ͩͩ̏̿͒͌͐͂ͬ̏̓̅ͥ͒̈̄̄̀̋̇ͪ́̀̏̈́̎̎̍̉ͬ͗̓͑̀̔ͩ̇̒̏̂̔ͨͬ͊̃̌̋͊ͨ̎̉̾̍̅ͤ̐̉͛̋̂ͫ͛ͣ̀ͥ̑͗̓ͦͮ͘̕̕̚͘͢͢͟͠͠͠͞͝͡͞͠͠͝ͅs̶̴̸̷̵̶̵̸̷̶̡̢̡̧̨̛̛̫͕̼͕̜̬͔̱̗̳͇̙͓̘͔͇̺͉̠̞̰̻̪̼̮̫͍̟̖̥͖͎͖̰̞̤̭͉̘̳̘̝̭̻̫̠͙̳̲̟̫̥̙̬̦̲͍̦̥̥̮̅̽̇̿̈̽ͩ͆̒͋̋̈̽͒ͦ͗͌̇̃ͫ̾̀ͯͪͤ̍̀͊̊͐̏͑ͬ̔ͣ̍ͪ̌̒̍ͬͨ͗̂͛ͥͮ̂̿ͭ͂͆ͬ̀ͤ͆̽̉̀̀ͩͧͬ͒ͥͤ͗̀̈ͩ̐̄ͪ̈̈́̃ͪ̈́̀͋̎͊́́̒̐ͪ̌̒̊͋̒ͥ̌̃̾ͣ͛ͮ̏͌͐̚͘͢͜͟͜͢͜͜͢͜͠͠͞͠͝͠͠͞͝͞͠ͅͅ҉̴̵̤̙ͯ͐ͮ͆̚ ̵̵̷̸̵̷̷̴̷̶̢̧̨̛̛̛̛͉̰͚̟̜̠̥͕͎̥͙̣̻͉̖̼̤͖͇̹̤̪̰͖͕͚͇̣͓̮͇̭͔͈̞͓̜͕͇̙̖̥̺̼̬͕̣̫̖̲̻̻̠̭͉̥͈͖̟͖̖̩̙̖̹̟̝̩̮͎̩͉̩̫̘̬͎͗͊͆̓͑̄͒̈ͫͪ͊̌͋̄̌̀ͦ͛̇̓̂ͬ̽̑̐͐̐̊ͭ̓ͫ̉̂̓̓̇ͥ̓̌͊ͦ̿́̀̐́͑̽̂̈́̌͒ͧ̂ͦ̊̀ͣ̀́̊͊ͭ̏͋ͭ͒͌͌̀̌́ͩ͋͗ͦ͐̈̀̓͂ͥ͊̚͘̕͜͟͜͠͠͡͡͠ͅͅͅͅͅb̶̷̶̶̴̶̧̡̢̢̧̡̛̫̳͕̮̥̳̘̞̥̱̹̤̮̻̭͔̖̞̹̫͔͓̟̟̥̥̗̣͈̞͎̱̦̬͔͖͚̩̝̝̻̗̯̥̘̺͓̾ͨͭ̅̆ͥ̈ͥͥͫ̌̀̌̉̑̓̈́̉̐͌͛̾͒͐̓ͮ̇ͭ̌̄̀ͮ̐ͭ̀͑̔̓̾̽ͧͮ̏ͬ͑̈́͘͢͞͠͞͞͝͝͠ͅ҉̸̧̨̟̤͙̫͈̮͔͚̱̲̳͍̾͛ͪ̇̓ͭ̉̈́̇͆̈́ͬ̀̌̕͟͜͠ͅ҉̶̫̤̼͉̀ͦ͌ͩ̌̋̌̈́ͨͩ̓͝͝r̷̴̷̶̵̵̶̷̸̡̢̧̪̘̩̘̘͙͖̰̫̹̭̗̤̤̜͇̪̯̤̭̫̦̙̪̠͙͓̠̮͙͈̯̘͇̳̖̳̲̫̭͈͖̤̟ͪͤ̂̆̈̀̏̍̀͂̌̏ͦ̔̔̊̈̾̄̎͆ͣ͋̏̿̅̒̋̊͗̇̌̈́ͣ̏̌̾̃̾̆̌ͪͪͧ̍̆̅̄ͥ̈̓ͬͤ̆ͧ̆ͩͥ̋̓̈ͮ̅͆͐͌ͮ́͗́̚͘̕͜͢͜͠͝͠͝͡͝͡͠ͅͅͅͅe̷̵̢̖̹̳̳̞͖̳͓̣͈̩͙ͪͪ̌̐́̍͒̎̆̊͑̊ͮͬͭ̊ͩ͘͜͟͡҉̶̶̴̷̴̶̧̧̘̣̻͈̯̙̻͉̭̖̯͙͙̖͈̤̳̗̘̮̮͓͎͚̼̦̼̰̤̣͎̺͎̭̦̻͉ͧ͗̐̓ͦͦͦ̇̌̐͛̋͋ͧ͊͊͌̓̐̾̿̒̉ͭ̈ͧ̏̏̀ͬ͋̚͡͝͞ą̴̶̧̛̰̖̜͎̤̯̜͔̲̞̯̝̣̞͍̤̮̪̣̬̯̮̲̤̩̠̗͍̥̪̦̭̑̾̋ͯ͌͋͐ͨ̂͐́̄͛̅̏ͩ̈́̋̈́̐̀̀͛̾ͦ͛̾ͭ̐ͩ͋ͧ̃̈́̆ͫ̌ͤ̾ͬͫͮ̕͘̕͜͟͢͢͠ͅͅk̵͓̮̺̖̮̥͉̱͍̿̒͆͗̔͊̎̈́̄̓ͅ҉̢̨̛͖̰͎͙̪̳͔̖̻͇͇͋̆͂͆͆͊̉ͭ̾͐ͫ͛ͧͭ́̀̉ͨ̏͗̚͘͞i̸̸̻͈̰̪͎͈̜̞̟̜͚̳͓̩͊̾͗͑̅̏͗ͪͧ͛̈͢ng everythinggggg.”
Breadbear is slamming against the doors really really hard. Yes, plural, doors. Ish a bad situation.

“How the hell is he slamming against both doors?!” 

“I̶̢̢̨̢̢̨̢̢̨̧̧̢̡̨̨̢̧̨̨̢̨̢̧̧̨̢̧̨̛̛̛̭̹̻̩̥̪̜̗̦̝̠̱͉͕̩̲̼̥̣͓̙̹͇̟̺̻̫̠̬̺̜̯̥̥̞̖̥̟̥̩̝̣͉̠̻͇̪͓̹̣̦̫̦͓̭̘̞͓̪͇͖̥̖̳̺̟͇͍͙͔̖̠̟̙̝͍̼͙͕̰͉̲̟͍̣̜̙̪̜̼̣̱̠̜̝͖͕͔͈̟̖̺̫͈̥̠͈͖͔̳̥̪̘̰̣̖̺͓̪̦̻̘̤̭̼̮͙̘͓͎̠̖͓̲̰̠̙͕̲̫̯̰̤̳͉̭̦͔͖͓̞͔̳̹̪͉͉̭̪̟̟͔͕̣̮͖̬̩̲͍̥̬̫̹̮͓͕̬̟̼̻̼̗̟̠̰͚̞̪̬̼̦̱̰̹̠̭͈̝̹̰̰͚̫̱̳͓͓̼̍̐͗̉́͊̈́͑͆̊͊̿̉͂͐̈́͒͛̅̇̓͛̅́̀͂̈́̿̓̐̿͊̋͌̊͊̋̾̀́̈̌̏̌́̀͊̔̍͗̐̓̈́́̀̑̈́͋͂̏̏͑͂̃͑̍͌̅̅̾̎̏̊̾̅̊̃͋͆̎͌̄͛̎͛̔͒̑̽͂́́̓͑̈̈́̾͊̉̀̅͊̈̌̄͛̎̐̈́̃͐͑̆͌̓́̌̓̀͊̉̾͊̃͒̀̀͒̽͂̑̅̄͐͊̓̀͌̈̾̀͒͌́͂̿̂̍̿̋̈́̆̏͌͒͗̓͒̈́̀̉̎̓̄̅͒́͆͐̎̌̅̈́̑̊͒͊̑̉͌̑͋̓̚̕̕̚͘̕͘̚͘͘̕̕̚͘̕̚̚͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̵̵̨̡̡̨̡̨̨̡̨̢̡̨̢̨̨̨̧̨̢̢̢̧̡̧̨̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̘̗̪͔̤̟̮̼̥̺̰̻̙̺͕̬͓̣̟̖̝͇͉͉̲̦̯̫̜͖̣̱͉̲̠̣̮̳͎̜̱͔͖̼͉̝̟̖̰̜͉̬̱̞̟̭̯͇̱͚̠̥̠͔̣̜̺̠͎̣̩̳͖̖̠͕̖̟͚̘͍̺͈̤̭̰͈̟͓̖̣͕̲̭̖̗͔̼͙̻͕̘͕̞̪͉̟̮͓͚͔̠̮̣͖̪̝̩̗͉̹͓̟̝̥̹̣̬̭͎͓͇͓̘͇̻͔͔̭̦͔̟͖̯͉̩͓̹̥͇̜̥̦̖̲̰̠̱͔̙̣̗̭̞͚͚̰͕̘̲̯̺̜̮̙̩͍̣͎̗̻͚̭͉̫͎͔͓̗̖̱̖̬̜̳͍͔͇̣̯̻̗̬͓̣͍͉͈̮̲̗̞̼̮̙̣̪͕͙̭͙̬̣̹̝̬̱̳̳͍̘̯̖̮̭̹̮̩͈͈̱̳̜̫̥͉͙̟͉̫̻̹̹͈̱̝̻͙̟̪͙͉͙̭̩̮̼̱̰͖͇̝͍̲̯̰͖̲̼̞̲̻̫̠͙̙̘̙̈́͛̇̃̓́͒͐̎̔̽́͌̂̇̓̎̂́̓̉̋̀͆̌͌̇̾̀̅̏̒̓̒̔̎̑̂̓̉̇̈́͐̑͋̽̄̈̄̀̉̍͂̀̓̊̄̓͆͋ͫ͆̔̿̿͒̓̈͛̐̀͆̂̑̓̈́͌͗̎͊̔͒͛̑̇͂̇̑̈́͐̏̀ͬ́̃͐̋̌͑̓́͊̃̿̇̈́̔̓̈̒̂̏̓͗̈́̎́͛̇͗̆̈́̑̅̎̊̐̑̿̅̇̌̀̾͗̀͑̀̾́̓̌̉̉̈́̀̃̓̋̌̄̽͐̑̒̍̈́̾͐͂̅̃͛̄̿͊͗͛̌̈́̾̑͛̒̍̍͋͆̄́̒̾̆͒̾́̈̄͊̄̅́̃̽͑͆́͛͗̒̆̀̇̑̏̾̽̀̂̏́͛̏̐̊̒̓͗̈͊̒̓̍̉̒͆̈́́́́̀̀͗̈́̎̓̂̓̆͆̀̍̏̏̿̌̀͊̏́̓͐̏̉̅̑̈̊̓͌̈́̍̇̒̕͘̕̚̚̚̚͘̕̚͘͘̕̕̚̚̕̚͘͘̚͘̕̚̕̚̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅD̵̵̸̢̢̨̡̡̧̡̧̢̨̡̧̨̨̧̨̡̧̡̨̧̡̧̨̡̧̢̡̢̢̢̢̢̢̢̢̢̢̢̡̡̨̡̧̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͚͖̘̗͍̗͚̺͓̱̳͍̝͕̻͇̖̭̣͖̠̞͙͉͎̱̹̣͖̼͔͇͎̱̬̼̪̫̜̮̗̥̤̺̥̘͙̘͎͔̻̫͓̺̰̻̖̱̤͚̼͓͉͇̤̪̼͈̖̼̦̘̯̼̭̭̹͉̥̯̮̟̪̥̖͎̭̰̙͉̜̠̰̠̻̲̞̠͖̜̼̮̤͉͈̹̦̦̠̩̜̲̟̹̙̤̣̻̼̜͚̯͔̝͓̦͕̙̜̝͖͓̠͓̙͓̠͖͙̩̩̩̻͍͚̤̺̘̟̬̲͈̺̪̩̖̠͔͍̙̝͙̘̳̺͇̻̳̯͎̝̼̟̰͔̮͔̤͍͎͈͔̠͖̤̼͕̞̺̝͉͎͓͔̞̲͕̞̙̠͕͖̜͔͙̲͇͖̤̠͈̮͉̹͍͇̰͈̜̳͈̪̟͖̤̫̲͍̞̺̰͔̮̳̥͕͎̖̟͇͈͚̳̝̦̜̩̥̼̟̣̘̞̞̬̖̼̗̼͚͉͈̮̩̰̟̗̣̠͉̟̝͔̠̝̻̫̝͇͙͙̙̠̩̹̻̲̤͓̘͎̱̗͖̖̞̩̹̜̼̝̩̯͕͈̤̖͔͙͎͚̞̲̖̗̯̦͖͔̻͔̳̣̠̩͉̩̫͇̳͙͖̲͖̦̱̥̩̬̜̯͕̠͍͖̘̩̝̦̱͈̘̩̗͓̩̖̳̠̩̠̭̲̲̝̥̗̼͎̼̺͚̙̣̹͍̣͉̗̝͖̯̜̦͉̜̞̱͍̙̯̬̙͓͈̱͇̜̬̖̯̭̠̜͎̬͇͍͓͍̹̭͇͖̹̥̞͖̙̪͍̞͚͙̝͙̩̘̖̜̗͈͉̰̰̪̊̀̏͒̓͌͑̑̀̊̂̅̓̒̓̓̈́͌͆̏̒̐̀̔̐̐͒̀̅̂͌̍̌̏͐͆̐̈́̿̃̓̅̃̐̓̏͆̌̅͐͒̾̄̃̋̀̀̅̈́͊͆̏͛̒̄̓̉͛̅͛̒̄̒͐̑̒̆͌͗̍͆͊̌̈́͑̓̄͒̑́̈̽͗̈͌͐̆̅͌̍̈́́̊̽̂͌̀̈́̈́͋͊̾̑͌̈͒̽͒ͬ̄̇̽̊̀͒̈̅̋́̑̅̌̑͑̈́̄͌̃͛͑́́͗̏͌͋̿͐̓̈̏̂́́̈̓̋̈́͛͒̾̊̂͊̈́͌̿̍̌́͛̓̈̄ͦ̍̈́̑̈́̐̽͒̓͐͑̋͗͗̾̑̃͌̂̽͂̎̂̎͂̌̉̽́̑̆̄̄͋̀̽̃̓̍͌̔̃̽͂͐̿̒̋̓̌͗̉̌̇̅̍̑̉́͒̅̋̍̔͒̽̓̑̆͑́̿̐͒̓͌́̅͘̚̚͘̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕̚̚̚̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅƠ̴̢̧̡̨̢̧̡̢̨̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̝̮͖̟̯͕͔̹̞̜͖̤̺͇̘͔͇̲̭̗̣͎̱̭͙͖͔̰̘̙͖͈͔̯̥̝̺̞̠̖̥̤̰̥̳̼̻͇̼̻͓̟͇̜̱͉̥͔̳͙͔̼̮̼̦͉̰̳͍̗̪̙̬͖̫͕̩̜̬͇͇͈̟̭̬̭̣̥̭̞̣̰͖͎͍͕̫̗͈̲̖̦̰͈̘̺̥̝̣̘̠͚͓̫̮̱͎̳̻͚̤̪̬̬͍̹̲̯̺̦͍̺̭̱̠̫͇̠̗̞̻̼͚̫͚̝̄͛͊̓̔̇͊͋͌̈́̇̾͌̓̔̂̐̓̎̾͒̽̓̄̑̊̉͆̔̈͛͋͂̈́́͂̃̂̍͌́͑͒̂̓͆̎͆̌̅̀̍̊͐̀̃̊̓̄́̄̍̑̇́͒̉͐́̐̆͆͆̏̆͂͒̂̒̏̆͂͑͐̓̈͐̒̊̅͐̀̐̏́̉̓͊͑̍̏̔̔̏̅͐̓͌͑̈́̋̈́͌̒̔̆̾̃̊͒͋̑̇̌͛̑̋̋̑̐͊̃́̈́̾̊̊̄̑̑̈́̂̅̅̍̀̋̿̽̉̀̈́̑̄͊͒̈̏̔̀͋̌̌̈͋̓͑̃͑̃̄͐̌͆̆̎̓̅̓̈́͌̀́̄̐͊͑͛̔͑̍̍͐̽̿̽͊͊͂̽͌̈́̏̔̂̑̊̓͊͋̅͊̓̂͛̉̓͋́͛̂̄̒͌͌͌̏͛̃̕̕͘̕͘̕̕͘̚͘͘̕̚̕̕̚̚͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅN̷̸̸̢̨̢̧̢̡̢̧̨̢̡̨̧̧̢̨̡̡̡̨̢̨̨̨̧̧̢̡̧̧̧̨̨̢̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̹̜̫̩͓̫͕̦̟̜͉͖͎̼̬̼̬̘̯̱̣̜̼͖͓͕͎̤͎̝̲̱̞̣̯̪͕͇̣̬͕̹̜͎̠̠̞͈̮͍̘͍͙̮̝̻͕̞͇̬̬̥̥̯̠̯̪̭̰̪͓͙͚͇͈̣̺̜̗̠͕̺̞̤̠̼͙̣̮̻͇͕̪̬̘̘͍̳̳̲̳͖̫̫̗̘̞̱͓̟̬̠̱̝͓͖̬̹̖̹͎̬͉͎͚̞̟͙͈͕̱̫͇̖̹͖͙̥̙͍̯̘̯̰̲̤̟̩͓̦͈͕͖̬͍̩̟̮͇̥̘̣̥̬͙̟̜̤̙͖̲̫̬̞̻̙̼͍͖̬̥̖̬̼̫̹͖͕͙̥̠̩̗̭̤͔̮̜͖̮̟̻̲͙̳̜̼̦̥̞̩̦͙̜̳̥̩̳̙̰̫̰̠̤̲̜͍͚͉̣̗̯̥̝͕̥̰̯͍͉̠̬̹̫͓̜̫̻̠͖͎̮̗͚͕̥̮͔͎̙̘̥͖̦̦͇͕̙͔̲̪̣̤̫͎͉̜̳͈̱̩̝̞̩͓̯̬̮͉̭͔̤̥̰̰͖̩̹̬͚̣͔̞͎̬̱̟̦̙̪͔̲͇͎͉̟̘͚̹̜͉̞̞͚͍̣̘̭̙̥̳͇̻͙̤̙͓̗͙̳̬̖͎͉̩̹̮̼̹̲͙̙̳͍͈̲̼͎͎̺̲̗͔̙̞͓͚̳̜̗̰̘̗͚͔͉̜̝͇̟̮̞̤̪͖͉̪̖͉̮͍͉͇̥̲̳̮͉͍͉̳̞̟̞̤̝̍͋̐́̈̈́̅̔̓͌̑̾̈̉̔͋̑̈́̈́̍͊̑̀̂̓̑͂́̈̆̍͌͒̾̋̈́̇̅̉̽͋͋̄͆̇̒̇͐͒̑͂̅̔͗̍̉͌̊͐̋̾̇̇̅̈́̃͑̿̊́͊̉̏̔̈́̂̆̈́͛͒͌̐͊̉̑͒̇͊̄̊̌̅̎͛͑͆̃̆̀̅̃̃̾̔̓̈̈́͂̍̋͛͛̌̎́̑͆̍̿́͂̏̍̓̑̋͐̒͒͗ͪ̎̑̐͋̔̇̓̈́͑͆͒̔̓̄̔̀̓́͂́̑̾͒̅͂͛̐͊̈̈́͐̿͒̉̉̈́́̑̏͊̿̈́͑̑̀̓̒̆̍̏̈̎̆̏͛̿̅́̈́̈́̇̽̏̈́̌̅͆̋̈́͒̌͑̊̆̋̈̀̌̍̀́̓͌̇́͆͂̐͒͂̀̒̓̈́̍̾̌̋͂̈́̒͊̍͌̍̅̍̏͂ͪ̑̍͛̾̓̏̽̀́̅̈́̓̀̾͆͒̈́̈́̍̈́́̅̍͂͛̀̃̋̈́̂̅́̉͊̽̾͋̒̽̈́̒̊̊̇͊̆̂̀́́̽̈́̆̈́͆̇̀̄̊̍̈́̋̔̃͗͒̎̌͑̓̊́̃̅̊͌̓̾̀̉͆̌͗̄̓̊̐̽͛̌̋̑͐͋̇̋̋̈́͊̔̐̇̾̽̍͛̈́̂̇̽̈́̐̒͑͂̂͛͊̾̊̋̈́̓̌͒͗̈̉̋̈́̃̽̋͌̒̉̐̍͋͌̍͆̉͒̈́͘͘͘͘̕͘̚̕̚̚͘͘̚̕͘͘̚̚̕͘͘͘̚̚̚͘̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ"̵̵̸̢̡̡̨̧̡̧̨̡̧̡̨̡̡̧̧̢̨̢̡̢̧̨̨̨̧̢̡̡̢̧̨̢̨̨̧̡̧̢̨̡̢̡̧̨̡̡̨̡̧̡̡̨̧̧̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̗̺̝̲͓̭̱̣͙̣̝͇̲̝̖̬̖̠͓̖̤͎̯̤̜̜͕͔̠͙͍̯̣͖̙̟͚̜̥̘̯̥̰̗̱͇̟͈͕͓͎͇̰̬̹̺̱̳͍̦͓̟͖̬̭̘͈͎̺̤̭͙͚̠̖̩̦̭̠̙̱̻̗̥̩̝̦͙̜̠̳͍̤͍͙̗͍̙̱̳̮̫͓͓͖̦̠̘̫̬̹̝͔̯͇̮̹̖͓͎̮͙̪̲̹͎̘̘̖̪̼̼̭̱͕̯̙̼͈̮̜̝̮̤͍̹͚̠̟̺̖͖̯͚̤̦̬͎̱̙͎̦̣̬͈̲͉̤̰̹̝̪̹̠̗̝̯͙̘̻͉̻̣͎̙͈͕̼̬̼̯̘̬̫̦͉̣̣̤͕̤̖̺͓͚̣̺̫͇͓̤͎͍̖̬͚̭̖͚̤̲̞̯̝͇̩͎͎̠̬͚̩̞̹͓͖͍̤̫̫͚̼̮̱̝̲̱̗̰̤̗̟̩̼̙̮̹̜̥̥̺̥̪̥̘̳̖̗̫̱̫̰̗̱͈͔̲͈͈̠̞̝̫̖̬̼̠͚̰͖̞̙̬̫̪̼̺͓͇̰̖̬̙͇͚̹̳͕͕̦̱̻͇̳̪͍͖̤̼̺̜̲̘̣͎̤̫͕̱͍̥̰̮̟̝̘͇̘͙̠͎̞̫̳̠̻͎̘̻̺͚͙̤̲̻̼͙̩̥͚̘̱̺͕͈̘͙̪̺̪̙̻̤̪̜̬͈͎͈̯͕̺͇̠̘͔̞̫͚̬̗̳̥͉͕̮̭̳̘̹̰̺̥͖̠̗̤͙̫̮̙̙͍̞̮̲̝͈̬͉̪̻͔͇̼̲̦͕̹͍̤̠̭̲̬̥̻̲̩̰͚̭͇̖̫̭̭͔̰̼͕͍̞̲̘̙̩̳͍̪̭͔̥̜̺̻͉̺̻̬͇̮̙̦̜̞͍̫̲͚̬̫̲̮̣̟̱̬̥͔̦̟̣̭̱̙̭̯̣̹̜̺̺̘̜̟̥̗̯̻̩͕̖͙͓͇̭͉͚͎̱͉̳͔̬͎̹̣͕͎̺̟̗̙͙̳͙̠̹̗̞̣̠̙̣͔̣̥̟͓̳̬̟̬̼̭͖̠̗̖̘͓̳͓͙̫̳̝͇̱̮͇̦̭͈̘͍̫͖̖̜̙̻̹̞̖̺̮̗̟͕̳̟̤̫̲̤̘̜͇͕̪͍͇̭͙̰̯͈̼͔͉̻͕͚̜̞̤̹̮͛̊̈́̍͆̊͆̉̌́̅̈́̄̔̈̿̇̎̀̉ͯ͊̿͌̋̓̈̉̂̂̄̌̊̐̏̓̋͗̑͒̒̄̇̋͊͑̀̾͋̅͛̅̈͋́̋͐͌̌̿̿́̓̄̿͊̋͗͑̉̽̈́̿̓̊̓̉͋̓̐̆͂́͆̅͋̈́̐̊͌̓̈́̑̽̌́̎̾̿̓̀͒͌̒͗̃̐̍̍̎̎͊͊̈͗̀́̾̓̀͌͒̾͐̈́̌͂ͬ̉̃͑́̈́̿̑̀̌̔͒̋̿̃̌̿̓̄̏͐͒̾̊̈̑̾͗͆̅͊̋̂̿͊̒̉̓̈́͗̏̽̍͗̊́́̀͂̐̐͋̉͗̅͂͐̏̌̔͐̊͊̒̆̄̏̾͂͌̒̓̓̅̅̏̂͋̅̀͗̑̊̾̾̈́̾̐͐͛̽͒̎͐̌͊́́̅̎̈́̋̈́͊̽̄̿͛̈́̈́͊́́̓̿̃̄̎̆̍͗͐͆̀̋͊͐̓̄̅̋͐͒͂̾͐̌̐̽̊͒̿̃͐̈̂̌̈́̾̏̈́̓̍͌̓̿̓̄̄̅̂͋͐̀̊͆̽̊͑̇̍̅̓̿̏̉̆̂́̇̒̅͌͗̐̾́̉̀̇̑̕̕̚̕͘̚̕͘̚̚͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͘͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅT̴̵̡̧̡̧̢̨̡̡̢̢̡̡̧̧̡̧̢̨̧̡̧̡̧̢̧̡̧̢̡̨̡̢̡̨̧̨̧̨̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̖̫͔̫̠̝̬̼̤̠̮̙͓̮̗̜͓͕̹͓̰̭̲̜̩̘͕̮̦̪̲̩̰͓͈͖̠̯̞̝̞͚̮̟̟̱̺̞̘͙̝̗͓̻̼̫̘̥̪̯̪͍̪̙͇̺͖̮̭̮̼̪͎̻͉̣̙̗̲͎̣̰͓̭̗̫̪̻͓̺̩̲̠͓̬̮̩̣͍̪͕̺͕̪͇̞͙̤͉͈̘̣͎̟͚͈͙̮͎̰̱̦̲̮͙͉̣̠̮̤̤̲͎̥̹̭̭̝̬̦̹̝̮̟͚̮͇̠̳̭͕̳̟̣͕͕̖̞̳̰͈̟̣̣̰̼̙̻͙̟͖̟͉̞̙͈͖̮̯̞̰̗̟̺̬͙̱͕͚̝͙̠̬̺̬͚̬̱̭̱͇̺̤̘̰̟̝̰̲͔̮͇͖̻̲͉̘̩͕̤̮̜̗̗̣̖̞̱̩͍̪̥̗̭͍̬̭̳̩̘͇̞͕̥̳̥̗̤̬̲̮̤̘̮͚̫̞̗͕͉̩̞̤̘̰̰͔͚̹͈͍̬̪̦̮̮̻͕̹̩͈͔̮͖͕̞͕̮̳̥͈̱̟͇̱̰͎̮̣̟̤̮̫̭͉̘̤̪̙̺̯̠̻̙̟̭̰̬̣͎̠͂̈̿̐̄̒̿̐̇́̆̓̐͋̓̏̽̊̊̈́́̀̐̎̿̆̊̆̾͂͆͂͗͌̃̐͗͂̊́̊͛͊̀͐̈́̄̅͆́́̅̊͂̈́͌̋̏̎͗͗̈́̑̀́̋̀͌͑̿̀̄̎̓̔̾͋̇̈́̂̋̌͌͊͗͋̎̿̑͑̓̀͐̒̿̀͐́́͑̊̋̀̏͂́̃̀͑͆̈̎̑͗̎̆͆̓ͥ̀͑͋̀̔́͊͌̑͋̈́͛̂͆̅̔́̒̏͗͂́͊̃͗̓̀͗̅̾̅͒́̆̆̈̈́̀͊͗̈͑͒͋͐̾͗̂͆̒̊̇͂̉̉̍̈͒̃̔̍̏̈̆̍̌́͌̈̇͊̈́̄́͊̏͆̀̉̑͑̑̆͛̿̽͐͒̿̄͛͛̓̆̿̍̂̄̆̇̏̍̄̊͗͗͐͆̃̋̀̀̏̓͌̄͑̈́̉͂͑͒́̎̆̀̂̿̀̓͆͊̐̄̀̆̃̈͛̋̐͋̏̓̍̿͛̉̂̉͂̌͐͗̋͛͌̋͛̌͊̋͑͂̑́̎͐̅͐̚̚̚͘̕̚̚͘̕̚̕̚̕͘͘̚͘͘͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̷̸̸̴̡̨̨̢̢̡̧̨̧̨̢̡̨̢̨̡̢̨̡̧̢̨̨̡̢̧̡̨̨̨̢̢̢̨̡̧̡̧̡̨̧̡̨̨̧̨̡̧̧̡̨̧̢̢̢̢̡̢̡̨̡̧̢̡̡̨̡̢̨̡̨̨̨̡̡̨̧̢̧̨̢̡̧̡̡̢̧̧̨̧̧̢̢̨̧̧̢̧̢̨̡̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̰̰͉̺̬̩̞̲̣̭͎̥̝͔̦̯̪̥̱̪̪̘̱͔͚̘͖͚̦͙͉̣̘̺͖̳̗͎̯͖̤̪̖̞͕̮͕̝̼̺̩̝̦̰̺̦͍͍̮̠̙͇͔̪̱̤̩͚̥̱̮̻̜̜̘̼̠̩̲̩̲͚̻͙̯͇̤̻͖̜̯͉̠̥̪͕͙̦̬̝̼̗̲̩̮̘̪̟͎̺̘̯͈̣̘̖̜̮̠̮͙̜̝͔̦͉͇͖̤͈̙̘̯͕͓͚̗̰͖̖̰̞͇̥̬̩̻̲̮̠͎̜̼͙̥͉̳̺͙̭̺̦̺̦̞͙͖̟͉͕͖͙̗̺͈̮͍̰͈̻̗͈̩̦̳̣̠̟̼̺̼͉̖̞̣̫͍͈̱̩͙͚̥̲̦͚͍̼̩̲̬͇̭͓̪͕̳̳̰̖͚̖͔̳̗̺͉̼̮͇͈͖̘͇̙͉͔̠̮̗̝̮̥͉͈̖͙̯̜̘̪̞͙̰͚̻̭͔̖̖͖̮̗̹̠̦͍̤͉͍̥̥͎̺̠̪̣̖͓͍̪͎̻̝̫̭͔̠͇̹̤̺̯̠̺̙̱̦̹̝̜̳̩͍̱̻̜͍̜̤̪̞̠̙̙̱͍̠̫̹̣̠͉͕̦͎̘̞͖͕̙̞͙̰̞͈̗̤̣̣̱̜͚̺̙̼̯͔͚̩̜̘̻͈̫̘̭̖̬̼̰̻̯͉̬̙̩̫̻̱̘̪̱̝͇̼̫̠̖̤̫̠̩̦̤̤̦̠̗̫̥͙̬̳̰̱̝̘̻͚̹͓̗̜̻͓̟̩̺̰̟̹̬̫̣̠̗͎͍̱̣̟̭͙̠̘̹̜̻̭̯͎̱͚͉̹̯̜̯͇̫̺̺̜̦͓͙̟͔̣͓̥̟̺͎̹̮͇̺̮̰̲̰̬̻͎͙̫̲̹͎̻͕̙̳̱̰̭͖͖͚͍̘̗̝̮̬̲̩̩̘̮̞͔̳͖͓̰̣̙̼̖͇͈̖̲͍̟̥̯̜̣̮̬͎̳̬̳͇̭̞̱͍̹̜̻̘̣̗̰͚̤̦̖̲͕̖̬͕̪͚̗̭̬͈̠̼̝̲̯̩̱̣̼̥͔̮̠̫̟͔̻̩͓͉̗̫̞̜̦̖̮̺̱̫͖͎͖͙̹͔̥̳̖͎̼͉͚͔͎͚̥̬͕̥͚̣̩͕̤̦̖̱̰̩̙͍̖͔̺̰̥̖͔̺̱̬̠̰̬͖͓̞̦͖̝͉̜̯̙͈͚͕͕̺̬̜̗͙̻͈͉̥̤̹͖̞͕̝̹̺̭͓͕͚̗̺̤̳͖̺͎̫̯̜̥̯̯͎͙͈̻͎͚̟̻̜̯̙͈͈͚̗̗͖͇̼̮̘͕͎̤͓͙̹͙͓̬̳̟͇͈̬̳͚̟̰͓̘̺͓͚̤̥̠̤̝̟̻̩͚̬͉͙̩̝̙̮̜͚͍͓̜̻̘̗͙̫̩̦̦̖̱͎̠̤̪̭̩̫̺̹̯̜̠̭̳̯͖͖̫̤͈̦̤̱̲͔̺͈̺̻͇̝̱̪͉̺͓̲͕̙͍̠̻̯̜̜͉̮͚̭͖͍̱̤͍̲̣̙̮̘̦̖̺̖̹̦̖͔̘͉̘̞̣̭̙͇̪̜̟͎͕͔̹͖̹͙̜͎͈̪̦͙͍̤͚̗̝̖͈̭̹͔̱̯͈̖̝̳̞͇̣̠͈̈́͌̉̾͋̊̓͑̄̽͂͆̾̈́̈́͛̐̔͋̆̈́̀͊́͆̂̉̂̐͐̎̐͑̇́̔̔́͆̄̈́̒̈́̅̓͋̿̌͒̍̄͌̒͊͒͊͗̐̄͆́̍̓̌̈́̈̈̅́̃̇͆͑̏́̀̐̎͋̂̋̄̑̀̍̇̇͆͌͒̉̈́̋̈̈́̋̓͐̊̇̍̏͗̋͗̒̆̅̍̉́̓̐̈́͆͊̾̆̿͗̇̾̉̆́̓̾͐͋̀̎́̔̀̈́͋͌̄̊̆̊͐́̋̇̈́͌́̿̾̋́̽̋͗̓̑̊͒̾͒̿͐̈́́̏̅͒̅̈̎͛̏̊̽̀̑̂̑̋̉̈́͋̈́̆̈͋͑̅̍́̎͊̋̀̍̎͐͊̅̀̍̿̈̅͗̽͒̀̇̄͋̿͊̊̾̌̔̑͛̉̓̉͊͒ͦ͛̏̽̍͑̐̽̀̀͗̀̿̉̂͆̿̀̽̔͆̌̔̈́̇͂̏̂́̈̀̏̆̿̈́͌̉͂͊̒̔̄̊͛́̌̽̐̀͒͆̔̆͂̇̆́͂̓̂̎̈̃̽̑͐̈͋̋̍̓̇̋̀̋̉̆̉̃͐̄́͊̍̐̄̈̅̂̑̍̽̅͌̍̀̄͋̀̽͐́̀̀̓̌̎̅̿̊̌̆̌̔̇̔̽͗̈͆̈̆͗̂͊̈́͆͊̈́̽̔̔͒̋͐͆̈́̉͋͒̐̇̂͛̃̈́͐̃̀̍̂̇̓̊̈́̽̃͑̋̀͛̓̅̇̍͋̃͋̆̔͂̃̉̉́͑̂̀̂̀͛͌̃̈́̍̍̈́̈͊̆̾͑͋̓̇̋̈́̿͋̓̐̇̿̔ͯ͑͗̑̈͋͐̿́͗̈́̌̈́͑̋͒͗̈̿͗̉̎̓̔̋̍̽̑̑̒̏̈́͆̃̆͂̓͊̍́͒̎̈̈͆̍̾̈́̈́̀̄͂͌͐̓͂̅̎̓̓͐̎͗̈́̀͐̓͊͑̄̽͂̍̓̅̒̎̈͋̀̀͋͌̏́̅̽͋́̅̏̂̓̈̌̂͑̐̍͑̌͐̐͐͑́͗͒̾͆̉̊̍̂͑͐̐͆͗̽́͗͂̔ͤ̄̓ͨ̊͑̈̉̓͊͗͑͋̈́͌͂͋̑̆́̈́̈́͑̾̀̂̅̓́̐̿̌̇̌̑͌̽̋̇̾̑́̉̾̈́̽́͑̊̄̀̒́̚͘̚̚͘͘̚̚͘̕͘̕̚̕̕͘͘͘̕̚͘̕̚̚͘͘̕̕̚̕̚̚͘͘̕̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅK̸̸̸̨̢̢̧̨̡̧̧̧̡̡̡̨̢̢̡̧̡̡̧̨̢̢̨̡̢̡̨̢̧̧̡̡̡̢̢̨̧̢̡̧̨̨̨̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̺̟̰̼̲̣̦͇̠̺͎̹̫̦̱̝͙̞̰̬̭͙̩̦̣͔̫̜̞̯̤̗͕̹̩̳̙̗̦̙̜̲͇͇̩̲͍̠̟̬̼̘̭͖̦̗͖͖͚̖̼̬̠̼̥̯͖͖̠̣̻̻͈̜̜̼̱̰̹̝͚̬͎̲̩̝͈̦̫̖͔̞̝̠̺̙̥̜͚͕̫͚͓̭̱̙̥͉̱̰͎̼͖̳̟͎̱͓͔͚̖̼͇̰͇̼̥̜̯͚̹̳͙͓͍̼̯͍̜͉̹̫̥̪͈͓̙͚̞̭̗͇͇̙̳͈̟͕̞͙͇͈̤̥̤̱̱͙̙͇̫͖̲̭̜͓̣̻͓͈̮̙̜̠̥̱̲̟̰̜̗͙̯͉̘̱̺̳̖͙̩͉͙͍̫̙̗̳͚͈͉͚̭͍̣̦͔͚̬̥͖̗̫̹̰̪̘̫̤͈͈͈͖̬̜̜̟͙͚͙͍̘͈̠͖͖͎̮̞̜̪͈͙̹̗̰̳͕͈̭͖̳̘̬̳̬̙̜̣̣͉͍̞̮̠̩̦̩̮̯̤̱̜̗͚̯̜̫̼̳͕͕͇͓̦͇̻̫̲̮̟̖̥̠̺͈̟̗̮̻͖͓̜͔͓̥̜̙̖̭͎̱̰͍̯͓͇̲̖̘̳̝̮͖̟̲̹̝̯̯͎͚̲͚͍̪̥͈̮̮̲͚̺̞͔̞͇̱͔̦͎̝͇͕̤̘̺̮̜͙̠͖̦̖̖͚͉͎͓͇̬̳̤̩̪̬̙̰̰͉̘̺̻̟͉̙͖̣͙̲̻͍̫̫̗̪̼͔͇͔͖̀̇̏̏̉̆̈́̅̒̔͐́̈́́̌̉̏̂̔̂͗̄̓̋̾́̀̋͑͛̿̍̓̽́́̾̐̍͋̈͆́̍̈́̀͆͗̅͗̑͗̆̽͆͐͐͐̈́̃͒̈̓̎̂͐͆̈́́̊͐͐̽͒̿͂̉̍̽͛̈́̓̆͂͌̉̽͆͛͑́͒͌͐́͑̈́̈́̃̃̀̌͆͋̂̓̍͂͋͊̿͑̍͆̍̆̒̓̑̒̾̉̾̓͒̇̇̀̋ͭ̾̈̃̊́̉̉́͋̔̾͗̏́̈́̋̆̍͛͑͒̓̌̈́̈́͂̎̄̒̍͂̍͗͑̏͐̽͑́̂͑̽̓̅͆̍̒̎͗̉͒̀͌̎̐̈́̈́̉́̊̽͛͊̒͐̑̈́̑̐͛́̃̒̍̾̉͐́͒͊̓̾̄̊̊̌̅̾̈̾̄̆̍̈́̀̓̄̽̈́̈́̈́̓̿́͒̐̐́̄̀̄͐̔̅̍̾͂̉̿ͣ̐̈́͑̐̾͊̐͑̾̎̉̏̍̀̆̑͐̓̐̔́͒͑̍͊̅̉̓̓́͌̓̓̎̈́̀͋͒͊̉̑̑͐͛̈́̓̔̈̓̐̇́͗͌̈́̃̈̆͊̇͂̓̍̿̀͊̓̏͗̃́́̐͛̓̈͊͌́̎̎̃̃͒̑͌̿̋̆͐̐̌̕͘̕͘̕͘̚̕̚͘̕͘̚͘̚̚͘̚͘̚̚̚̚̕̕̚͘̚̕̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅN̸̴̷̷̴̢̢̧̧̡̨̨̡̧̨̨̢̡̢̨̧̢̧̨̡̧̧̢̡̢̧̡̧̧̧̡̢̡̢̢̡̢̡̧̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̯̙̗̩̦͚̯͈̤͇̻̰̼̦͇̜̼͔̳͕̪̫̩̠͓̹̞̘̫̲̙͙̺͔͍̙̝͍͇̻̳͓͓͕͇̘͙̫͎͙̗̭̠̦̜̳͇̙͕̱̘͉͙̹̦͓̺̗̯̰̦̱̮̥̖͚̦̺͈̖̩͙̻̞͇̳͎͚̞̬̼̳͕̼̬͙̫̼̖̜̠̫̟͖̠̦̲̜̼̟͓͔̠͓̖̺̦͕̯͈̘̜͓̯̝͉̞̟̻̤̲̬̲̯͉̘̘̥͕͖̤̝̖͈̯͉̱̰͖͇̗͙͍̲̻̮̘̭̰͈͉̪̭̥̳̱͙͉̞̲̣͎̲͔͔͍͍̖̦͉͍̱͖̤͎͍̤̲̦̼̰͖̥̜̠̝͓̗̙̹̦̰̱̪̜̘̰̯͕̼̻͙̲͙̗̮̺͕̟̳̪͕̦̭̖͚̟̼͙̱̺̯̳͎͚͇̙͕̳̹̻̝̼̫̠̞̯̱̣͎̖̰̦͇͚͕̯̞̬̳̤̗̰̤̬̩͈̯̝͖̯̹̗̝̠̱̝̣̹̝͕̺̰͔̲̳͎̼̯̳͉͇̗̙̬̦̰̲͖̲͖͚̟̜̩̠̹̯̱͙̰̥͖̯̟̻̖͈͓̘̯̦̞͚̭̗̩̫̻͖̥͉̳̲̱͚̰͙̦͈̞̟̱̰͖̳̰̙̳̟͍͔̗̟͔̰̖̹̝̠̭̘̭̠̰͍̠͇͔̼̹̯̦͖͚̯̳̤͕̮͕̻̑̃̋̀́͐̐͋͛̊̃̀̇͒̀͆̀̄͂̌̇͋̌̓͒͋͛̉́͛̃̈͆͐̎́̊́̑̃̇̊͛̀̈͛̓̆͋̆̿̎͗̀̍̄͊̆̐͂͒͆̋̇̈́͋͋̃͋͋̅̓̇̽̓͂͂̂̃͗͂̈́̑̈̔͂̐̅̊̋́͊̓͛̎̓͛̈́͒̒̉̏́̈͆̑̈́̅͆̎̀̈́͒͗́͌̽̐͊̀̊̔̿̎̀͋̈́̂͌͛̏̀͑̍̈́͗̊̉̈́̈̔̏͒̒̈́̒͊̌͑̓͆̄̆͑̀̃̑̓̈́̑͛͒̊̆̃̅̋̒̔̔̌̓̀̓̄̒̋̒̔̾͆̆͆̓͂̒̈́̎̈́̀̅͛̇̓̽̍̊̈̿͋̋̐̏̂̇̓͌͛̇͌͊̃͌̅̅͛́̄̐͒̀̈́̍͌̀̉̎̿̄̽ͧ̉̃͐̾̔̾́̉̈͆̒̍̑̓̆̂͊̽̊̿͒̃͌̒̈̈̃̒́̈́̄̑̌̔͆̾̃̄̓̀̄́̆̾͒͆̀̐͊̇̉͛́̌͋̃̈̀̅͌͋̃̈́͗͑̊͂̏̆̅͊̈̃̃͐̐̒͗͂͌͐̇̓̆̍͂̅͂́̇̄͛̅͆̄͊́͛̅̽̈́̄͆͛͂̈́͑̉̍̀͒̒͑̍̈̂̾̍̌̀̊͌̍̈͛͆́͛̾̄̋̀̀̍̓̄̓̒̐̈́͂̊̏̋̽̄̋̒͂͒̿̿̀̀́́̀̇̎͐̑̉̇̏̓̓̾͋̄͊̍͐̉͑͆͌͗̈́͛́̾͊͗̄͌̉̈͛̎̒́̓̓͌͂͒̀͂̇̍͂̈́̊̈͂̏̽́̌͒͂̃̀͑̆͊͆̈́̉̓̋̑̾̈́̎̍̀͛̅̑́̈́̋͂̆̈̾͗͒͋͌̋̄̈́̌̾̈́̌̆̍̊́͒̽̆̾̈́͂ͪ̓͌̈̓́̈̋́̐̈̌͑̔̀̾͗̒̓͂͌͗̎̽̽̀̐̿̌͗̄͌̊͗̓̎̄̊̃ͫ̈̃̊̃̃͆̑̅̈͒͋̀͋̅̒͌̀̈́̈́͐̂̃̆̒̃̒̋̋̍̔̀̐̓̓͛̀̀͛̃̔͆̾̒̊̎̈́̃̔̌̔̎́̽͗̈́̒̽̓͊͆͑̌͊̅̍̈́̈́̌̀̒̎́̊̈́͆̾̍ͤ̾̑̽̒̅̏́̆̌̒̔̊́̋̊̒̈͂̑̀́̈́͆̀͋̄̔̉̀̓͊͛̿̅̾̿͌͗̈͂͆́̇̓̈́̀̽̎̍̿̓̽̿͂̀͂̄͗̍̊̃̚̕̕̚̕̚͘͘̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕̕͘͘̚̚̚̕͘̚̕̕̚̚͘̕̕͘̕̚͘͘̕͘̕̚͘̕̚̚͘̕͘͘̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅǪ̴̸̢̢̢̢̡̨̧̢̧̨̡̧̢̧̡̧̡̡̡̢̧̡̨̡̢̧̡̨̡͕̣̤͕̥̮̹̼͔͕͕̘̰̦̲͎͙̲̹̺͕͍̦̼͔͚͈͚͉̯̪̙̞̖͔̬̲̯͔̯̝̟͎͇̜̪̦̳̺̜̙̥͚̟̗̲̲͕̣̦̞̲̹̪̪̳̲̻̱̟̳̱͇̞̣̟̥̖̰̰̘̣͖̩̳̭̩̥̤͈̥͇͚͉͙͙͓͙̭̻͕̯͔͎̞͍͓̩͉̥̱̦͙̜̪̫̥̩͇̱̦̦̙̠̲̗͇̜͓͙̹̭̼̼͉̞̠̣̻̫̯̯̱̼͔͙̻͓̘̯̘͈̣̪͍̲͕͍̤̼̮͓̥̥̙͍̣͍̲͈̻̞̠͎̠͓̳̣̼͉̖͚̺̮̘̩͎̭̲̱̤͇̫̬͖̟̼͙͇̙͍͚͎͉̰̦̦̺̤̰̠̖̠͔̪̹͚͚͙͔̲̳̰̠̭̫̦̲̬͕̱̬̞̙͓̰̣͇̪͚͍̟̥̝͖̗̫̭͇̬̭͎̯̝̱̠̙͙̩̝̯͍̱̪̠͉̘̰̜̲̹̥͔̩̣̭̺͎̗̻͉̼̼̹̫̹͕̳̤̠̠͈̞͖͍͇̯̝̣̻̞̜̥͚̙̱̱̰̻̦̭̻̜̳͚͈̉͗̓͆̌̒͑ͪ̉̀̀̍́̒̄͒̆͋̒̓̿̆̀̋͒̓̃͑͗͆̈́͌͆̊͌̀̈́͂͗̈́̿͊̿̀̂̂̓̂͐̆̃͑͆̂́̚̚͘̕̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅŴ̶̷̴̨̧̨̨̡̧̡̢̡̡̨̨̢̡̨̨̡̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̱̱̥̘̯̫̥͍͈͔͍͔̗̺̳̦̞͎̝̩͎̪̠̯̬̼̩̹͍̹̭̹͓͍̺͍̤̫̹͓̪͔̳̹̱̩̺̱̞̺͉̝̘̞̖̦͙̩̼͚͕̪̘̠̺̜̫̗̲̣͚̯͎̩̬͔̮̪̪̮̖̝̯̗̣̞̣̭̳̯͇̩̱̦̲͍͉̝̺̲͉̦͍̠̦͍̺͈͉͙͔̥̰͕͍̰̻͕̳̳̺̙͉̝͎͉̗̠͙̻͓̠̳͚̻͓͙͓͈̩̤͙̺̪̱̝̻͓̣̭̯̟̼̳͕̹̠̖̞̯̗͈̭̲̯͎͍̖̩̖͓̮͉͎̻̞̣͙͕̝̦͕͍͙͈̣̣̬̲̹͔̯̖̙̖̞̼͙̦͎̗̞͖͖̺̹͔̙͇̫̜̻̙̭̫̙͕̤̼̲̮̹͙̬̺̣̗̺̣̩͈̜̦̻̝͍͒͒́̈̑͑͆̎̔̑̽̓̓̎̓̍̊͆͋̾̑͂̏̄̂̂̌́̓̿͑̐͂͊̈̓̓̎͑͗̍̓̑̒̃̅̿̒̿̇͒̀̄̾̒͑̈́̋̀͂́̉͊̉͌̀͋͋̔̇̓̇̌̀͆̋̌̈́̿̃̎̉̌̀́̇̍̂̅̐̐͛̈́͗̓̅̍͌̈́̄͌̈͊͌̋̓̓͋̑́̒̃͋̑͛̓͊̾̓͌͑̅̅̒̈́͛͑̐̀ͭ̽͌͛̍͋̽̂͊̐̅͌̒̉̃͗̽̆̆͗̈́̈́̈́̅́̎̿̂̊͂͐̾̀̊͒̏̃̈̃͌̾̇͒̑͒̔͊̆̍̉̀͛̍̐̽̇̈́͑̋̈́̿͋͂͒̈̈́̔̇̂̌͌̀́̒̓̿̃̐̓̑̈́͂͛̅͆̑̍̑̔͑̄͑̀̅͂͋̽̾̈͌̈͂͑̿̈̌̅̑̆̒̈́̈́̽̏̿̏̌͂̌̑͌͐͌͒̃̆̄͋́̍̓͑͌̀̓̒̋̌͋͊̿̅̋͑̇̽̃̾͒̌̑̽̽̍̽͆͐̾͂̄̍͌͐̀̂͛́͆̑̂̈́̔ͩ͊͌̇́͂̔͑̓̌͊́̿̿̓̈̊̏͋̈́̒̾̓̋͒̾̉̓͗̋̅̂͒̉̈́̃̑̏̂̉̈́̑̄̃̃̊̏͋̀̇̕͘̚̚̚̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚͘̚͘͘̕̚͘̚̕̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̸̴̨̧̢̨̡̧̡̡̨̡̡̧̨̡̡̢̢̡̧̨̧̢̡̡̢̧̨̧̨̢̢̢̨̧̨̨̛̛̛̛̬̜̮̱̤͉͖̦̜̞̫͈̙̱̣̖̥̟͓̯̙̘̱̗̥̖̖̣̺͈̘͔̖͚̹̤͙͇͎̝̬̣͙͔̳͔̪̟͓̼͙̮̳̬̭̖͇͔̲̖͉̗̮͕͙̳̠̙̪̲͇̱͇̭̮̹̱͍͇̻͙̤̥͕̜̤͕͚̖̪̪̝͓̠͉͍̫͕̲͉͇̣̻̩̱̘̪͚͔͔͇͍̥̞̗̞̝͇̹̼̯͕͚̥̤͙̣̗͎̟̪͙͍̣̼͉̻̖̮͎̘͕̭͚̱̼̣͖͈͓̮̳̟̯̰͇̘͎̪̩͓̱̳̪̳̦̙̺̹͈̩̞̫̬̙̣̜̥̮̝̥͚͚̲̤̲͖̘̜̩͔̘̫͈̤͇͔̹̭̭̝͉̪͓͕̼̼̘̟̖͍̝͔̯͉͎͖͕̣͍̣͙͍͇̰̝̦͙̫̤̟̗̦̥̙̱̻̬͍̣̪̱͚̼̞̭͇͓͚̬̠̮̹͎̭͈̺̘̮̣͉̫̮͕̹̙̣̦͖̝̮̠̭͇̙̘̪̹͎͈̖̹̗͎̘̹̟̩͍͓̩̘̓̽̓̊͆̓̉͊̇̏͗̀͛̓̋̆́̽͐̓̏̍̽́̂̾̅̉͛̒͆̏͛̀̓͐͑̀̿́̓̎̐̾́̾̂̃̈́͒͆͐̎̏̈̊͐̎͋̉̒̀͒̈́̏̇̍͑̍͛̀̓̓̈́̉̓̍͊̇̎͌̎̂̽̈́̈́̃̎̈́̀͒̾̐͋̈̄̄̊̂̊̀͆͒̽̀̅̄̀̎̽̈́͐́̈́̀̽̈́̿̎́͛͌̔̄́̈̓̈́̀͛́̒̔̽̋̾̏̈́̈́̇̽̆̊̾̃̇̆͊̄́̓͂ͪ̈͑̀̈́̈́͑̀́͛̏́͆̾́̈̌̾̈̊̃̌̉̽̓͂̀̿́̾̀̍̎̿̇̃̍̂̌̒̐̈́̃̉̔̍͑͒̏̉̎̓̏̈́͗́̾̄̊͗̅́͛͒̄́͂̾̀̇̅̀̋̎̌́͛̌̐̆͆͛͑̂̆͋͂̍́̈́̿͛̃͆́̇̇̊̀̾͆̂͗̾͆͛͊͂́̑̔̓̎̊͗̒͐̆̎͊͑̇͊̀͒͂͑̿̽̀̓̅̅̊͊̂̃̒̈́͆̉̆̅̾̿͗̂͌̾̓̓̈́̍͌̈̓͆̓̋́̆̉̄̈́̓̈́͒̓̈́̏̀̑͑̌̒̌̾̑͂̒͐͂̄͑̍͒̏̊͗̀̆̒͋͗͂̑̄̋̇̄̈́͐̽̉̔͒͆͂́̈̏̾̍̍͒̎̽̅̾̆͌̎̊͗́̆̑̆̅̑͌͘̚̚̚͘̕̕͘͘̕͘͘̚̕̚͘͘͘̕̚͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅḄ̸̴̶̴̶̡̡̡̨̧̧̧̢̡̡̨̡̢̨̢̨̨̧̧̨̧̧̧̧̢̡̧̨̡̧̨̢̡̧̨̢̡̢̡̢̨̧̧̧̨̡̨̢̢̨̨̡̡̨̡̨̨̨̡̧̨̨̨̡̧̢̧̡̡̡̡̡̧̨̢̡̧̢̧̢̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̭̩͖͈͔̦̭̲̤̼̪̗̺̬̘̣̫͇̠̳̞̱͚̳͈͉̫̥̭̦̞̹̬͙̞̝̯̥͍̯̰̘̪̹̜̭͕̙̪͍͚̞͎̦͚̼̹̞̯͔̯̝̥̩̪̬̤͚̲̮̮̪͖̲̥͓͓̪̜̱͎̼͕̺̪͓̫̜̦͔̙̩̟̯͚̹̱̠̥̜̥͍͚̲̞̩͙̲̙̪͔̩̤̖̭̰̞̼̰͕͙̻͍͓̦̙͚̳̳͇̘̘͔̜͚̪̫̤̳͔̝̝̱̱̝̟̠͉̱̟̩͕͓͉̖͎̬͎͇̦̠̲̮̻̥͎̟̜̫̝̭̖̩̬̹̰̬̞̟͕̝̥̱̰̮̤͖͚̥̺̜̣̥͈̦̗̪͚̹̙͈̼͉̮̠̰͈̲͕̠̱͙͓̠̫̳͉̮̠̝͕̰̦̣͇̣̝̳̩̩̜̹̘̝̼͍̝̳̪̞̗̗̘̜̥͚̳̺̤͖͙̖̞̰̘̳̲͇̩̩̩̝̞̣̩̟̗͚̖̬̰̭̱͇͖̯͎̲͍̺̗̬͖̮̳̰̖͉̭͔̝̲̱̳̥̟̙̤̭̥̣̰̩͎͇̭̪͔̤͇͉̮̹͙͎̺̱͓̤̩̟̞̣̗̬̙̥͉̪̤͇̤͖̱̗̞̝͙̲̲̞̫̠̳͎͙̙̞̻͓̠̥͙̞͙̲̹̬̠͎̙̠̱͙̤͉͙͓̻̤̱̟̳͉̖̯̜̼͓͈̖̳̙̗̗͈̺̟̱̹̮͚̩͚̱̹̥͙̬̤͖̜̝̹̦̙͖͔̹͕̲͚̝͉̼̻̖̖̜̜̭̲̻̰̙͉͚̞̫͍̲̳͖͔̯͚͚̱̳̤͖̖͓̦̲̪̰͙̮̫̻̣͉̦̙̙̤̱͎̞̙̤̺̺̭͓̱͚̪̪̳͕̥̙̟̩̝̥͙̳͉̼̪̖͕̩̞̲̥̠̤̜̻͙̠̱̯͔͉͙̣̬͎̼̥̬̟͎̪̱̜͙̤̗̱͙̗̮̼͇̼͚͓͉͙̲̜̰͔̩̙̟̹̝̮̘̤̬͔͖̬̞̱͓̹̜͉̤̦͎̲͈͉̠̼̖̲͍̬̣͙̟̮͓̦̻̲͍̩̲̮͇̜͍̣̬̯̝̤̱̰̖̖̭̣̰̝̻̤̺͚̮̹͉͙̫̺͉̼̙̥̟̮̘̤̩̺͇̗̬̭̞͈̫̞̖͔̦͎̜̻͈̻̪͎̺͕̼̱̼̬̱͔̣̘̝͍̦̺̺͇̹͓̼͔̼̭̲͔͖̩̥̜͔̭͓̖͎̟͚̰͈̰̫͉͇̟͈͚̦̮̝̼̗̬͉͆͛̎̉̈͌̌̍̀̓̐̊̽̅̓̄͗̀̔̽̓́͛̀̓̊ͩ̆́̀̂̄̍͌̀̓͑̋̃̂̈́̂͑́ͥ̍̏͐̆̇̄͑̾́̀͆͂̈́́̂͐͐̉̈́̔̆́̌̾͋͑̄̇́̄͋̐͛̀̀̊͆̿͌̾̈̾͆̏̀͑͂̃̒̈́̆̊̾͒͐̂̃̆́̓̀̿͆͛͛̒̔̔ͩ̽̆̓̐̒̃̅̅̔̾̈́̿̋̂̔̑̈́͌̇̋ͯ̓̑̒̉̂͌̆͒̓̇̍͑̽̍͋̏̓̀̊̓̀̓̈́̊͐̑̽̃́̋̔͆͆̾͆̿̀͌̃̂́̄̾̅̃̀̔̓̿͊̈́͊̉̐̅͋̀͑̈́͑̑̇̾̑͂̿̔̆̌͊̊̐̔͆̃̔̈́͌͒̇̎́̔͊̈́̋̃̃͐̊̓́̍̌̌̉̓́̆̋͋͌͋́̈́̒̌͌́̑̊̃̐͑̊̆͌͗͑̇̑̉̓̎́̑̈̾̂̒̀̆̿͌̐̆͑̓͛́̐͋̔͊͗̇̊̓́̈́͂̽̋̿̾͛͒̉̀̈͑̂̈̈̏́̐̏̈́̊̔͋̀̓̄͋̃͂͊͑̉͆̀̍́̾̾́̿̀́̀̔̆́̎̽̔͗̓͒̎͐́̔̀͌̐̏͋̓̓͒̔͐̈͌̈́́̔̽̈́͋̂̊̐̔̆̕͘̕͘͘̕̚̚͘͘͘̚̚̚̕͘͘̕͘̚͘̚̚͘̕͘͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅƯ̶̵̵̶̧̢̢̧̡̢̢̧̧̢̧̢̢̢̡̡̡̡̢̡̨̡̢̢̡̡̢̡̨̧̡̢̨̧̨̨̡̧̡̧̢̡̨̨̢̢̧̡̧̧̢̡̧̧̨̨̨̡̨̢̧̨̨̧̧̛̗̩̱͔̱̩̪̝͕̺̣̱̖̻̼̪͖̙̰̩̭̼̼̙̟͎͚̬̭̜̦͚̫͕̪̪̰͙̘̬̝̮͖̖͕͇͕͕̹͚̻̘̗̬̘̻̣̖̭̬̼̜̙̠̼̜̮̩̯̪̟̮̖͙̤̗̯̘̘͉̪̰̝͈̯̥̳̜̥̠̯̯͓̺̪͚̭̤͖̩̣͍̗̥͍̦̬̫̣͎̹̟͎̞̯͓̮̭̹̳͕̬̠̪̼̬̩͕̹͓͙͕̻͍̥̣͓͉̯͓̪̘̫̭͚̙̬̜̣̮̝̭͉̟͎̳̯͎̫͕͚̦̹͙̘͕̩̟͓̙͖̝͇̱̣͚̗̮͕̘͈͚̖̗̪̲͓͍̖̬̤̻͖͕̩͇̠̤̺͉̟̰̘̫̖̭̦̗̗̱͎͍̹̼̫̦̠̳̮̙̤̖̜̫̻̝̪͙͚̬͖̝̞̤̞͍̣͕͙̱͕͖̹̤̤̼̭̬͉͚̟̬̜̘̜̬̭̤̮͈͕̙̣̘͕̙̯͖͉͍̭͈͙̭͇͕͓̯̦͕̣͇͇̗̹̗̦͇̹̥̜̝͇̫͖̗̪̝̙̻̬̭̳̫̙̝̗͇̱̲͖̙̫͙͍̯̩̭͉̻͉̰͓͉̩͓̼̲̳̠͈̺̦͍͎̙͍̫͈̤̬̲̝̺̳̩͖̫̹̤̲͕̥̜̘̪͍̻̯̯̮̟̰̠̞̥̤̥̲͎̳̜̻̲̫͖̠̙͍̺̫͖̯̼̫̟̱̳̜̟̼̝̗̞͔͉͎̬̯̫̞̹̦̦̖͕͙̳͓̙̣̺͎̤̫̦̠̯̹͍̥̦̝̝̘̤̗̰͔̝̦̠̱̙͙͖͚͓̣̖̖̟͇̤̘̫͖̲̜̙̦̼͔͔̯͕̤̘͎̳̞̜͓̮̼̳̠̥̝̞͔̟͓͖̗̝̯̱͈̬͈̱̖͎̝̭̗͖̩̩͙̝̣̠̦̤̝̻̟̞̥̱̖̳̰̰̰͙͍͙̦̬͎̭̺̝͖͉͚͈̩̘͓̩̦̯͕̮̳̖̺͙͎̟̠̜̤̠̠͖̥̟͚͙͖̬͔̟̤͎̖̞̝̥̭͓̲̭̳̝̫͖̘̤̖̘̱͙͈͚̻̳̖͍͓̮̘͚̘͈̗̣͓̯̦͉̞̪͈̗̝̠̙̲̭͕͓̤͓͙͖̯͚̣̦̥̪̘̻̝̠̳̦̳̯͙̬̪̭͉̺͔̙̲͔̯̫̘̥̰̩̝̱̲̤̪̱̳̭̩̦͙̝͎̰͔̰͓̦̗̖͎̟͖͉̪̥̜͕̟͍̯̩̥͍̣͔̝͉͔͓̭̳̺͍͉͎̝̦̺̟̱̋́̔̓̊̓̉̑̎́̔̎̓̽̓̋͛͛̽͊̿͑͗̔̎̀̈́͆͒̔͆̉ͣ̈̈́̏̽̎͒̈̐̅̾͊̈̀̄̉̈́͛̒͑̓͒̈̃͒̒͊́̂̽̒͂̉͑́̄̔̊̃́̈̓̅̓̉̓̋̏̇̀͒̐̍̀̍̓̑̋̍̔̆̑́͆ͯ̄̔̎͑ͬ̅̍͛̽̔́̌̄̑̀̓̅̈́̿̈̒̽̔̌͗͗̇͒̈̎̊͑̾͊̉͆̐͌̂̀̓̄̂̈͐̒̐͐̀̄̆͊͒̔͑̕̚̕͘̚̕͘͘̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅT̷̷̸̵̶̡̢̢̧̧̡̡̢̧̧̢̢̧̢̡̡̢̡̨̢̧̨̡̢̧̨̧̨̧̢̢̢̧̡̡̡̨̢̧̨̨̨̡̡̡̢̧̨̢̨̢̢̨̨̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̖͚͚̠̘̟̖͙͇̙̟̖̦͚̖̲͍͖͓̩̝̣̻̣̯̭͓̤̜̰̗̟͎͓͖̬̘̥͉̰̩͍̼͇̖̦̰͉͕̺̜͈͎̠̟̤̩̮̟̗͍̼͕͕̗̟̦͈͈̺̫̪̻̻͙͙̘̻͚͙̪̻̖͇̝̹̬̳̠̤̰̦͓̪̰̼̱̥̘̤̻͍̣͚̝͚̹̺̟͎͙̳̻̮͉͈̠̜͇͉̱̼͇͇̩͖̖̯͖̤̗͈̻̞̖̦̻̖̼̻̳̫̖͖̱̗̼͎͈̦͔̥̳̯̱͉̣͍̟͈̺̦̲͙̺̖̯̗̞̩̱̮̦̪̜̞̗̙̳͍̣͉̱̦͎̘͚͍̠̪̦̖̠̮̰̙͔̹̝̖͚̺̺̰̼̖̜̤̭͙̞̬̙̠̦̹̮̘̣̖̲̖̬̞̯̖̗͎̹͓̙̙͉̘̙̪͓̤̭͇̦̥̞̩̗̼̣͓͇̹̬͇̘̗̠͔̝̝̪̣̜̞̟̗̼̳̗̘̺̺̮͔͔̭̼͓̹̮̙̮̦̹̹̙̖̪̝̩̘̰͎̖͈̗̟͉͖̱̲̖̞̲̦̠̱̱̰̥͚͇͕͇̝̬͈͚̪͉͕̻͙̳̫͚͓̜̮͇̝̞̖̣͙̗̭̼̟͙̯̖͖̥̪̠̲̤̮̯̜̩͈̘̖̠̭͖̦͔̦̗͎̘̳͔͈͉̻̱͈̖͍̗͙̬̣̖̘̣͔̼͚̼̘͈̝̩̪̲͍̙̥̯̰̣̙̞̻̥̘͎̘̮̥̤̰̠̺͎̬͚̗̦̭͓̫̲̳̲̬̠̩͕͍̙̯̫̰̲̖͇̤̫̭̲̫̲̯̜̭̲̤̬͇̖̲̝̼͔̭̬͇̳̯̺̬͉̰̙̩̰̖̳͖͖͈̣̥̟̹̝̫̗̰͎̠͍̣̱̜̗̞̟̫͈̲̮̙͈̱̭̗̼͚̟͎̗̼̮͉̤̬̺͈͕̳̙̬͖̦̦̺̙̤̞̦̣̫̻̖͖̖͓̲̘̖̪̤̰̟̪̖͇͇̙̺̜̱͉͎̻̭̫̥͓̤̯̻͇̰͙͓͕̟̣̜͙̱̖̗̠̞̻̹͖̝̳̝̱͈̫̩̺̣̠̟̲̯̙̺̠͇̫͖̦̲̬̜̟̰̱̪͖͚͓͔̬͇͎̠͉̳̝͙͍͇̖̗̹̲̘̺̞͔̖̲̗͚̰̣̺͍̥̮̼̮̼̭͇̩̣̯͚͈͚͙͓̑̔͗̈́̀̉̇̾͐̈́̒̀̊͗̓̍̾͛̄̾̈́̿̏̿̌͂̓́̂̆͒̄́̔͑̔́͐̊̆͋̒̒̏̓̒͆̏̈̈́̆̎̌́̄̈́̌͂͋̏̅̊͆̔̔̏̈́̒̓̌̈́̍̎͐̐̐̇̆́͑̿̈́̏́͋̌͂̀͗͗͗͂͗͂́̇̉̋̔̃́̽̓̋̿̈́͌̾͋́̆̒̈́̈́͒̃͐̓̊ͬ̿̇͋̌̈̎͑͒̉̽̇͆̽͊̓̆̎̏̾̿̃̏̐̽͒̒̉̇͋̋͊̽͋̆̐̒̄͒͋̂̌̽̿͑̔͌́̈́̃̓̐̓̇̎̌̎̈́́͂̋̍̓̽̓̈̓̌̉̋̏̓͌͑̐̎̒̾̑͆̇͑̓̿͐̃̑͗̆̃̾̔̓͋̓̐̂͂̓́̽͛̋͐̏͆̃͋̆̐̃͌͌͂̌̈́̈́̈́́̄̑̒̀̌̀̆̀͗̋͐͑͗̑̀͐̏̊́̓̆̓ͧ̉̊̂̓̀̊̿͂͂̈͊̂̋̈́͆͑̐̀̑̐̃̽͆̈́̀̈́̍͗̒͌͛͛͑́̀̅̃͋͋̇̑̏̅̑͋͑̈́́̇͗̅̂̌̓̂̄̀̓̃͋̌̊̓́͊͆̌͌̅̅̄͑̋̎̎̇̓̀̓͋̄͗̾̌͌̔̈̈́̿́̀͗̈́̑̍͊̀͑̀͊͆͗͑̊̐̓̉͌̊͒͒͑̀̉̒͋̒̂̔̏̍̀̑̓́̆̂̂̈́̇͐͋̅̇̃̎̌͂͂̎͛̍͒̈́̈́̉̍̿̇̾͛̃͂̍̒̑͐̔͐̓̈͊̐̐̎̎̈̏̈́̈́̽́̏͐̂̋͆̍͂̈́̌́̅̂̀̀̍͑̈̀͊ͫ͐́̎̐̇͋̋̏̏̽͐̃̋̑͒͂̀̿̓̿̀̃̐̉͛̍̊̈́̃͆͒̿̋͊͆͊̀̓̆͗̃͐̑͆̀̔̎̿̊̋̏̏́̌̓͌͐͆͑̽̑̂́̽̾͋̾̈́̓̀̉́̌̂̾̀́̇̐̉̿̎̌͛͛̈́̎̂̏̆̉̎̉́̂̐̀̓͑ͦ̚̕̚̚̕͘̚̚̕͘͘̚͘̚̕͘̕̚͘͘͘͘͘͘̕̚̚̚̕͘̚͘̕͘͘̚̚͘̚̕͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̷̸̢̢̢̢̧̨̨̨̡̡̡̢̧̢̨̨̢̧̧̧̢̢̡̨̡̧̛̛̠͎̟̬̘͔͎̦̬̤͙͈̳̬͉̣̝͉͇̺͕̮͚̞͍̹͚͇̙̝̤͍̪̺͔͇̠̫͕̦̩͉̟̩̼̗̬̼͇̜̦̰̲̯̥̣̥͚̻̲̜̙̺̲͈̝͔̬̻̹̱̜̻̣̭̰̰̤̫̬̥̗̱͙̖͇̘͙͚̙͎͓͉̩̫̰̮͈͕͖̥͉͓̦̫̦̻̺̫̯͔̼̝̬̰̫̪̱̣̯̻̪̖̰̹̼̪̯̭̞̤̠̭͎̰͉͙͔̥̖̯̩̮̠̥̮͙̹̝̫̟̼̼̼͕̦̥̰̝̻͉͉̙͉͎̙͕͖͙͚͎̤̤͍̜͖̱̣̹̞̫͎̗͙̮͉̲͈͉̤̣̪͕̪̺̞͚͈̰̱̜̣̮͉̼͔̗͍̹̠̺̙͖̣͈͎͚̪̹̠̤̘̦̠̰̤̳͇̯̲͔̲̜̜͍̲͉̯̮̬̗̫̠̱̜̞̦̜̣̩̤̞͈͔͇̥̯̣̻̯̳̭̥͇͎̞̼̮̗̥̟̣̠̩̼̝̫̘̮̼̗̖̻̠̎̽̊̓̇͆̅̈́̾̋͗̈́̑͑͒̿͑͛͐̀͗̃̏̏̎̆̋̔͒̑͐͋͑͋͗̏̅́͌͑̌̈͐̑̾̓͊̃̾͂͂̎͑͂͋̌̈́̑̐̀̆́̄̌͌̀́̽͂̀͗̐̽͑̋͊̈́̾̽̐̑̆̾͂̈̃͋́̀͗̑̈́͊͋́͛̏̎̂͌͊̐̈́̅͌͒̋̽̆̎̔͋͆͒̈́͒̿͐́̔́͒̐͛̎́̾͗̾̊͑̈̉̿̌̓͊͆͗̏̾͒̉̒̄͌͂̃̈́͐̿̏̏̈́́̈́̔̀̉̇̌̈̀̿̍͌͌͂̔̉̉͐͗̀̊͒́̾͐̐̂́̈̈́̌́̓̅̈́̋̂͊͌̌̈́ͭ̐̓̂͑͗̈́͐̆̇͋̓̽͐̓̿́̉́̾̿͋́̓́̓̓͋̊̄͌̓̑̽͋͑̐̆͒̅̉͑̔̄̓̓̿̈́̿͊̈́̆̄̓́̈́̅̾̍̄̈́̒̿̏̈́̌̉̓̎̀̈́̽̇͗̆͌͆̑͗͒͊̒͒͆̈̓͋̔̒̆̐̍̾̐͒̍͌́́͐̊̎͋̈́̌́̎́̊̊̋̍͐̈́̉̓́̉͗̑͒̍͋͋͋̍͋͆͋̌̇̏̌̍̕̕̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͘͘͘̚̚͘̚͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅT̶̸̶̶̨̨̢̢̡̨̨̢̨̨̧̧̨̡̨̡̨̧̨̨̨̢̨̡̨̡̨̧̨̨̨̨̡̨̢̨̨̨̧̢̨̢̡̡̢̡̨̡̢̧̨̡̢̡̢̢̧̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͍̘͇̘̥͙͉͈̺̲͚̱̝͎̲̮͕̗̲͖̗͙̗̰̜̦̤̱̝̥̜̠̭̻̪̖̳̫̣̪̞̖̰͍̜̘͉̭͎̮͕̫̬̮̩͚̙͈̱̻̯̩͉̘̩̮͙͓̺͔̦̠͖̬̯̦̫̱̯̱͓͕̳̭̲̫͙̝̭͖͉͙̟̬̙͉͙͇̘̩̟̟͓̬̟̦͔̘͖͇̟̞̻̘͓̖͚̯̠̱̗̬̘̬̳͚̝̺̪͍̹͎̜̝̲͕͙̗̺̞̳̫̟̘̥̙͚̺̮̗̩̺̩̬̪͙̠̫̪̹̗̖̭̬̯̼̟̲͚̰̟͚̼̲̣̬̬͎̻͕̗̦̝̠̞̝̩͎̘͔̳͇̰̦̰̲͙͈̜͖͔̮͇̼̜̙̪̣͎̪̟͓̠̟̟̫̰̫̙̱̺͖̪͉̼̱̳̣̹̰̯̠̳͉̥̲͕͖̩̮̘͔̫̤̱̝̮̭̥̲̬̙̳̫̦̳͙͉̦̲̳̲̜̹̯̠͈̯̻̗͉͇̫̲̫̼̰̫͔̩͉̫͍͍̬̯̥͖̣̙̭̫̙̰̖̘̝͚͉̦̜͎̣͍͔̞̠̺͙͖͓̦͙̝͈̹̳̹̦̦̟̮̣̫̱̲̥̬̻̠͓͔̘͎̯̱̘̻̯̹̪͍̜͇͖̱͔͙͚͚̦̭͕͉̠̱̭̪͎͉̰̱͚̞͍͇̜̘͇̟̜̝̲̜̲͇͖̱͍̺̰̤͈̦̼̝̙͙͚̜̤̰̻̺̖͖͓͔̹͇̘̤͕̮̮̙̱̹̫͉͈̠̫̠̞̱͉͚̖̙̹͉̥͙̳͎͍̲̲̤͚̖̼̘̝̩̠͎̰͙̝̺̼͇̖̘̪̫̝̘̲̜͙̗̲̜̦͈̝̳͎̯͓̭͔̲̳̞̻͈͕̳̜̪͔̣͕̱̮͖̼̻͈̺̖̼͚̥̯̠̮̣̝̘̮̦͈̭̪͍̝̠̳͔̖̖̗͔̫̞̟̬̩̹̦͈͔͖̝̠̝̦̱̱̼̝͉̠̪̩͎̳̬͉͈̗̘͙͕̙͕̮̪̥͚̝̯̲̱̫̬̩̝̟͖̻̖̯͕̼̤̻͕̜͈̟̬̠͓̰̫̰̞̤̖͔̗̩̜̰̯̥͈͙̥̱̟̝̰̻̻̺͇̺̟̲̯̘̤̺̫̾̎̃̉̓̎͗͊̇̒̈́̑̒̔̈́̐̇̽̽̃̌̊̾̐̍͊͂͑͗̈́͋̊̔͂̒́̅̆͗͗͂́̿̇͐̾̔͊̎̄̈́̈́̓̂̿̒̉̃̈́̈̅̊͒̇̌͐̅̈́͋͌̿́̌̎̅͋͌͗̈́̿́̈́̓͋́́̏̊̀̓͑͌̃͊̏̉̍͆̓͒͑̂͊̋̊̔̀͐̿̒͂̇͐̀̃̅́̊͒̆͒̇͛͂̒͑͗̋̾́̾͑̂̅͋͆͑̓̃̀̾̆̀́̈́̈̃̉͆̾̍̒̈̽͐͊̾̌̍̀̉̈́̌̐̋ͯ̾̑̊̔̋͒́͊̌̎̽̓̈́́̓̍͋̈́̋̉̀̽̇̔́̄̆̽̂̂͛͌͂̿̎̀̽͆͛͒͑̈͋̉̇͌̓̍͋͊͒̈́̋̀͋͆̑̐̿̃̔́̿̐̀͋͂͆́͐̈́́͛͛̾̋̈́̎̽͌̒͒̅̀͌̀̍̾̌̓͒́͌̽̋̈́̋̒͂̌͌̈́̈́̽̄͛̏̓̈̄̿̓̊͐̄̒̓̓̍͆̈́́̀͑͐̈̍͌̆̊̃̆͗̀͋͗̈́̽̂̐̋̿͋̈́̽̊̌̃̋̏͆̿̏͗̔̐̉͋͑̒̈́̓̌̓̀̽̄̐̄͂̓̓̅̂̐͂̀͋̓̄̃̒̅̊̉ͪ̔̌̋͑̋̐̔̅̆̈́̊̊̾̐̈́̌̄̉̿͌̍͗̃͊̀͑̃͊̌̄̀͋͊́̋ͣ̇̓̎͌͒̏̂́͊̅̒̀̐͌̀̍̀͌͆̎̀͗̋̌̃̂͂̏́̌̿̒̉̾̊͊̌̃͒̎͑͑͐͊̓̽͋͑͂̑͐́͗͊͌̂͗̐̆͊̈́̃̐̃̓̽̉͒́́̅̓́̈͋̃̐͂͗̈̅̐̀̓̓̾̇̀̃͂͗̈̄̅̿͑̐͆͑̐̌̔̆̽͒̑͂͋̈́͊̋̾͋̈́̍̃̀̉̈̕̕͘̚̕͘̚͘͘̕͘̕͘͘̚͘̕̕͘̚͘͘͘̚̕̚͘̕̕͘͘̚̚͘̚̚͘͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅḨ̵̴̷̸̡̡̡̡̡̨̡̧̢̡̨̨̧̢̧̧̢̡̨̨̨̢̢̡̢̨̨̨̧̧̡̧̢̢̢̧̧̨̡̨̨̡̧̢̢̧̨̨̡̨̧̢̧̧̨̢̧̧̨̨̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͍͖͓̙̼̯̞͇̼̬͓͚̩͙̪̼͖̻̦̺͓̼͖͎͇͎̯̯̳̜̘̭͍̪̜̹̩̹̩̦̹̬͇͈̦̩͍͔͇̳̜̘̙̪̜͓̤̖͔̬̟̖̗̪̣̼͎̙̖̺̙͔̟͓̲̰̗͇̤͚̱̤̲͍̬̼̼̦̥̘̠͚̰̱̮̺̟͇͕̖͇̘͕͓̼̟͔̱͍̜̠͕̬̳͍͕̗̮̥̥̗̖̻̳͍̤̳̼̻̠̤̞̬̣̹̙̣͕͍͚̻̲̳̠̫̞̭͚͖͇͎͓͚͙̱͇̘̼͎͔͕̩̬̳̻̳̻̞̺͍̠̲͓͎̪̳̺͇̻̦̲̮̤̤̣͙̹̘͎͖̩̥̣͕̳̮̦̹͍̬̪̦̳̩̟̬͓͍̩̘̳̯̮̼͖̣͇͔̘̬̯̬͎̦̳̪͖̗̘̺̳̩̥̮̦͚͎̳͍͇̲͇̮͔̮͍̗̫̥͎͇̝͈̤͎̝̞̭͓̩͔͍̟̞͎̼̖͕͇̞͇̼̱̗̪͔̖̞̫̗͙̜̝̰̱̱̖̖̫̹͎̲̫̩̠̳̝̙̜̩͇̥͎̙̯̪͔͎͓̙̝͍͉̘̰͍̻͓͎͖͚̲̯̹̲̣̦̰̙̩̮̥̜̰̳͚̦̬̹͖̹͉̘̩͚̰̻͕̦̭̼͇̼̲̱͓̙͚̰͓̻̥̱͍̦͚̬̱̹̳̻͙͚̹͇̖̞͓̥͈̠͕̖͔̖͇̹̲͉͇̯̤̫͖̩̙̗̳͔̱̱̬̪͓̖̠̰̞̱̲͕̙͔͓͈̩̦̳̼̻̯͙̠̱̯̟͍͙̞̳̘̬̬̤̻̩͉̩̖͈̟͇̭͙̞̱̩̦͇̝͉͉̮̣̭͍̰̜͖̜̖̜̙̫̣̝͕̳͈͔̩̳̼̙̣͚̼̮̘͔͕͙̘͚͎̯̣̲͇̖̟͎̬̼̪̫̻̙͎̼̻̜̩͈͔̞̟̹͖͙͍͔̰̳̟̭̟̙̫̬̭͕̳͍̻̺̪̝̼̩̱͙̬͕̯̞̬̳͚͈̹̪̳̬̺̫̬̘̙͍̻͚̪̝̮̮͉͖͈̞̦̙͓̩͖̦̺̯̞̝͔͔̮͈̱̜̜͓̰͓͕͎̼̰͎͖̲͚͈̮̩̰̭̝̮̩̱̖͈̹̻͖̯̭͙̍͆̆̋̀̇̅͐́̎̍̃͌̃̄̈́̇̃̈́͆̃̀̓̆̿̒̀͊̎̂̐̀̈́͐̎͑͒͑̉̓͋͆͌̂̆́̈́̂͌̈́́̔̾̐̏̏͋̽̋̌̂̂̒͗͒̊͗͐͌͒͌̏͋̓̐͛̀̀͐̉̿̈́̆͆̏͑̔͒͗̓͊͛̐̀͗̍̍̒̇̈́́́͌̿̇̂͆̌̔͗̅̉̒̇̂͋̏̅̎̎̃̀̿̆͗͒̋͑̄̌̾͊̀͋̍̀̅̀͗͌̍̽͌͋̏̿͂̀̏̋̃̑̎̔͆͑͗́̎̽̿͗̃̿̿̊̓̋͒̒͂̃͂͛͆͌͗̈́̅̒̈́̌̈́͆̽ͪ̇̀͌̀̒̇̓̏͋̆̊͐͊̄͊̆̂̋͐͐͌̔̔̓͂̿̒́̿̾̽̇͒́̇̏̇̒̾͑̋̒́̿̄̈́̀̃͑͊͂͑̆̅̋̿̓̋̄̽̏̈́̐̀͋̈́̿̑̇̉̿̽̑̎͐͂̀̒̀̐͋̔́͂̒̅͋̋̽̓͗̂͋̾̋̃͌̾̈́̈͗̈́̌̀̐̆̿ͯ̿̈́̎̏̓̍͑̈́̂́͐͗͐̿͐̆̆̾͂͊̏͒̒̂̽͋̎̍̐͊̔̉͊͌̀̾͌͒̀̅̇͂͂͂͒͋̽͒̉̈́̎͛̉̆̈́̈̏̊͌̽̑̂̃͋̄͛̅̈̐͗̎̇ͦ̿̊͊̋̓̍̀̈̈́͒̐̊̂͐͒̐́́̑̓̿̈̿͛́̔̊͊̅̐̓́͆̽̒̀̅̂̐͒̀̅̾̂̀́͛͗̐̄̄͆͒̉̒̓͛̉̌̋͗͑͑́̓̀̽̐̏̅͂̄̈́́̌̈́̊̅́̐͊̿́͑̉͌̏̏͊̓͋͒̅͊̋̃̀̂̀̈́̓̑͒̈̐̓͂̃͆̈́̽̿̽̍̀̄̿̑͂̆̂̾̉̍͌̓̊̋̓̈͂̾̉́̅́̌̉̆̌̊̽̽̈̓̌́̃̐̆͒̀̋͆͗̋͒̈́̃̇̓̈̇͛̒́͛̃͌̈́̈́̿̐͛̚͘͘̕͘̚̕͘͘̚̕̕̚̕̕̚̚̚̚̕̚̕͘͘̕̚̕͘͘̕͘͘͘͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅȨ̷̶̵̴̸̴̡̧̢̡̢̡̧̧̡̢̢̢̢̨̢̡̨̢̨̨̧̨̡̡̢̢̨̧̢̧̧̧̢̨̧̧̡̧̢̨̡̡̧̡̧̨̧̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͇̳̮̺̼͚̭̞͖̜̭̻̬͇͙͕͖̝̩̩̻̱̩̞̝̠̖̩͇̣͍̦̺͕̳̟͇̫͙͇͇͈̘̫͓͚͍̟̪͓̳̯̮̱͇̥̬̝͎͈̮̭̦̺̻̘̪̰̙̠͔̘̳͖͈͎̠͎͉̖̩̥͕̘̘̭̥̝̞̮̻̖̲̜̖̺̻͈̩̦̝̲͚͖̤̜̭̼̟̠̰̹͇̥̟͍̟̥͈̺̗̗̤͙̹͉̺̰̭̯͉̱̤̹̰̬̩̳̥͔̙͈̲̜̙͕̱̖̲͉͉͕̺̳̳̙̭̱̳͇̪̖̝̺͕̝̤̻̜̱̗̬̦͔͇̗̱͔̤̦͕̲͎̗̙̲͍̭̟͖̼̘̩̥̬̭͓͚͎͚̱̞̲͓̣͉͎͈͍̲̤̟̪̜̣̖̼̙̮̞͎͚̖̳͕̠̱̟͍͈̻̮̬̙̻̩͓̩͕̳̳͎̬͓̰̗̞̝̥̳̱̘͈̫̗͉͔̝͉͚͇̜̱͖͙̥̗͔̝̩͎̞̬̲̥̲̲̰̥̳̱̩̮̗̫̘̠̰̘̘̬̙͖͉̠̞̫̣͕̱̘̳̘͖̜͍͙̻͍̥̟̣̩̘̖͖̩̺̠͇͎̘͓̱̺͚̬͓̺̪̯͓͎͓̟͉̦̬̲͕̫͍̮͔̤̮̣̼͓͈͍̞͈̞̞̖͙͍͎͖̤̦͇̜͚̩̙̘̖̻̱̱̗̗̺̲̞̜̬͉̱͓̻͍̤͔̰͈̼̠̝̹͍̪̺̗̼̲͍̞̮̳͈̩̯̱̪̣̭̤͓̜͖̗͈̺̼̠͓͍͚͇̹͓͍̫̖͓̻͔̙̺̬̭̠͈̳̖͈͍̳̝̙͎͔̦͓̠̖̫͎͖̹̹̥̦̲͓̹͎͔̲̘̳̗̥͙̤̜̥͍̳̱̠̠͈͇͎̗̳̦͙̮̺͓͕͎̭̠̥͕̻̘͖̗̗̜̻̱͕͙͈̩̱͚̭̥͖͇̣̹̞̲̱̫̦̘̻̩͓̮̲̳͍̲͉͇̝̻̝̮͎̰͚̻̻̟̬̝͕̖̪̰̫͓͕̜̩͍̭͖̳͍̪̭̙͍͔͉͔̘̮͓̤̟̼̩̯̖̳̩̩͈͇̼͕̼̳͍̞̮͓̣̫̳̣̫̲͔̬͉̬̗̝̰͈̣͇̗̼̠̦̣̮̼͍̺͕̖̦̟̯̳͖̣͉̬̱͖̲̝͔̮̟̟͈̙̠͚͎͕͈̝̣̟̜͉̳̺̖̫̝̘̭̜̠̬̟̬̥̰͚̪̭̮͉̯̰̲̹̮̯͙̹̠̦͖̣̜̬͋̉̈́̀̀͗͋̀́̈͋̎̄̈́̈́̐͂͌́̈̾̄͋̄̏̄͂̌̽̃͆̑̒̈̌͊͐͛̇̉͂͌̏̿̃̉̾͋͌̽̈̍̐͊̎̍̄̀̾̅̅̽̅͐͗͛̋̿͐̎̾͐͌̒͒̉̉̋̅̾̀̀̉͌͒̈́̒͊̋̈́̋͒̈́̔̔̋̎̀̽͋͗͋̈́̔̃̽̀̀͒̾̈́̌̽͑́̏́͛̐̃̑̾̽̂̈́̎̅͗͋̈̋͒͆̌̂͌̃͆̃̏͑̎̏̐̆̿̍͋̎́̄̈͗̐̌͐̿͛̈́͋̉̓̃̎̌̀̋ͬ̉̀̈́́̓̅̋̾̔́́̏̎̇̎̎͆͒̏͊̃̊̆̽̀̎̽̾͒̀́͐̃̆̽͊̑̇̌̎̋͂̆͌̔̾͋͆̋͂̾̀͗̉̒̾̌́̿̎̈́̋̇̏̃̋̉͑̅̈́́̋̄̽̑͒̾̂͛͆̀̓̍̔̔͑̂͒̂͐̋ͫ͗̑͒̈́̈́͆̔̇́̓̑̆̂́̔̈́̈́̇̇̏̌̑̒́̈̔̃̈͛̊͆͋̿̐͊̽͒͋̀ͣ̈́̈́͋̈͗̇̉̎͑́̍̾̄̏͗̎̂̌̓̐͌̾̾̐̓͑̅́̑͋̐͂̊̑̽̀͛̉͗̌̾̎̆̔͋̈́̈́̂̊̆͆̍̌́͌̈́̈́͒̿̿̋̓̓̒̀͊͗̐͂͆̑̿̌̀͆͑͐͛̑̍͆̃̆̓͌̔͐͋͒̌́̃͒̾͑̈́̏̒͑̒͗̾͑̉̒̿̆̈́̀̅͂̈́͌̿̔̂͊̿͂̐̌̊͒͗̂͋̍͗̈́͊̒̈̍͊͑̌̂͗́̿͑͑̊̅̒́͛͂̑͗̐̈̉͊̈́͋̃̔͗̍͑̾̅̑̋̎̓͒̉̔́́̎̊̓͐̀̀̓̎̈́́̄̀̿̏̎̇͆̓̇̆͋͛́͂̐̈́̂̂́͂̅̔͒̑̏̉̃̂̇̈́̽͆͑̍̌̏̆̍̒͐͗̊̔̽́̌̎̍͂͆͗̓̾̒̓̓͌ͭ̊̽̔̌̂̂̅͊͊́̽̽̓̃͂̂͗̀̐̓͐͂̅͌̓͒̌́̉̏̆͆͗͌̔̓̽͌̔̌̂̀̀̅̎̊́̆̐̑̑͊́ͨ́̇̓̓̀͊́̀̓̊̔̍̌̀̂͆̍̐͗́̈́̌̏͛͂͌̃͌̄̓̓͂̎̋̉́̋͑͆͑̕̚̚̕͘̕͘̕̚̕̚̚̚̕̚͘̚̚̚̕̕̕͘̕̕͘̚̚̚̕̕̕̕̚̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̵̸̶̨̨̢̨̨̡̢̡̢̨̨̢̡̢̧̧̨̨̧̡̢̡̡̨̧̧̧̡̧̧̡̢̨̨̨̨̡̡̨̡̨̢̡̛̛̛̛̛͉̳͕̻̫̦̭͍̝̺̦͉̙̝̬̠͈͉͖͚̲̪͔̯̺̱̘̼̥̼̫̩͕̺̺̖̘̪̖̘̻͕͈̖͍̪͈͈̠̬̻̮̟͙̯̩͇͎̻̙̲̦̤͎͉͉̻̥̝͈̳̬͈̻͉̗̲̱͚̹̙̬̜̠̠̥̖̙͚̳͎͖̱̮̭̪̼̻̼̳͙̹̞͍̹̗̬̣̭̹̫̞͕͈͖̰̳̦̜̭̪̥͚͇̺͇̜͓̣̥̮̪̣͔̟̫͙̰̺̪͉̜̜̞͓͍̳͈̘̤͓͎̦͚̝̺̣͎̪̻̯͚͔̥̪̥̮͎̟̻͇͉̙̙̖̰͕̞̲͎͚̟̳͚͓̬̤̩̹̻̥̠͕͇̩̰̠̹̙̘̣̤̲̠̪̠̰̞̼̝̩̳͈͔͕͎͕̮͙̙̞͇͚͚̟̺͓͇͈̻̝͈̫̙̩̦̣̹͚̗̦̣̗̙̙̲̭̩̙̩̭̟͇̯̲͈̻̙̹̙͔̭̤̬̦̤̦̘̦͎͈̟̼̹̗͍̙̭̣̝̖̖̘̲͙̥̭̠͚̟̲̹̟̰̪͚̱̹͎̙̗̤͎̜͉͎̪͚̮͈̠̻̹̻̦̮͉̞̥̘̱̮͔̘̰̹̙̟̯͈̗̘̳̥̮̫̱̪͍̗͉̬̗̤͎̘̮͚͔͚̫͈̙̖͇̟̹̻͓͕̮̮͖̯̜̬̭̥̺͕̻̬̩̼̝̟͈̳͇̠̣̤͚̥̟̳̭̺̫͍͓̞͚̺̪̦̠͈͎͔̣͍̩̺̺̦̮͈͕̮̥̣̼̤̭͕͇̫͔̦̖͖̳͕͕̙̠͍̘͕̺̮͚̻̹̤̩̗̭̟̳̱̜̗̑̓̂̔̎̾̌̆̊̔̔̽̓̎̓̉̏̒̈́̂̄͋͛͛̿̆̅̌͌͐̒͐̈́̈́̈́̀̍̎̃̈́̃̾̉͒͛̓́̆̈́̾̔̇̆͌̎͛͛͒̋̌͂̇̓́̊̈́͗͗̿̈́̊̈̓̑̇̾̌̊̃̉̈̿͌̾̏̽͊͒̇̈́̀̿̆̈́͛̾͒͐͋̐̓͗̈͊̊̌̍̏̾̌͐͊̈́̿ͦ̈́͑̅́̃͌͗͗́̀͊̅̉̿̈́͗̉̍͑͋̔̑̊̈́͆̈́̀͆̽̈́̽͐̀̾̀̈̍̓̔̅͒͛͒̓̀̾̑̑́͗̊̋́̈́͂̉̒̔͒̄͗̋͋̊̓͊̀̀͑͛̾̀̐̐̽̽͊̏͊̊̈̔̈́͛̀̿͋̂̊̀̃͛́̂͂̅̉̆̐̆͛̔̈́͐̐̂̂̅̑́̓̌͛̊́̍̃̉̉̂̽̈̾͐̎͒̈̂͂̔̈̑̓̌̐̓͑̈ͮ̑͊̀̐̃̐̀͒́͊͒͑̉̅̾̒̐̑̓̅̃̇͑̽͗̅̌̿̐̿̌̄͑͛̈̉͂̅̆̈̐̈́͒̄̅̃͌̇̒͑̌͑̄̇̍́͌̓͆̈͂̄̂́͒̿͑̈́͒̀́̽̄̌̈́̈́̽̀̿̇̾̅́̃̐̂̑̇̇̀̀̏͆́́̿͋͊̀̍̌͗̆̄̀́́̈́̄̓̓̓̕̕̕̚̚͘̕̕̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̚͘͘͘̚̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅW̶̵̷̵̷̷̢̨̨̢̧̡̡̡̨̢̨̢̡̧̨̧̧̧̢̡̨̡̧̧̨̧̢̢̧̨̨̡̧̡̧̧̨̧̡̨̡̡̧̧̢̧̧̨̨̨̨̨̢̨̢̧̨̧̨̧̧̡̡̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̺̻̹̦͓̫̠̻̦̣͈͎͔̦̙̳̥̥͓̜̗̣̥̳͓͎̘̫͕͙̮͎̦͖̭̯̣̲̩̘͈͈̳̗͕̝̻͖̳̦̦͍͙͉̟̮̹͖͇͉͙͚͓͙̩̞̥̻̯̤̯̥̟̮̳̗͇͖̫̟̹̯͎̥̦̤̥̮̪̞̺̪͈̦̠̹̭̺͉͖̥͍͚͉̫͉̼̣̯̩͔͍̠̳͉̯͙͖̰̯̖̭͈̥̼̜̼̭͓̼͍͍̟̰̺̳̱͔̙͔̲̩̦͓̙̤͙̘̩̭̘̮̝̼̗͔̘̳͈̞͚̙͙̥͔̗̟̫̰̣̮̥͕̳̠̠̜͎̗̻̣͕̺͚̼̤͚̱̺̩̳̰̭̘̩̬͓̯̝̖͙̞̜̗̰̲̦̼̰̞̳̫̫̫͙͓̟͍̻̫̞̙̲̥̰͖̝̲̹̖̭̝̩͕͉͍͚̫͇̮̼̹̩͓̰͎̬͇͙͎̺͇͔̭̙̙̻̦̫͉̯̰̦̦̺̣̫̲̫͎̺̼̯̱̤̝̣̜͔̹͍̣͈͈̲͈̰̫͉͙̘̠̥̺̖̹̮͈͕͍̖̦̰̼̰̺̭̯͙̤͖̩̘̞̖̳̙̦̲̬̥̬͈̱̤͎̙̼̩̗̲̗̦̘̤̺͍̣̣̫̩̠̰̰̭͓̼͍͚̩̣̤̤̥͚̪̝̯͎̟͔̯̰̱̘̺͖̦̲͈̮̭̰͍̣̼̥̱͎͕̙̠͙͔̱̲̗̗̰̗̜̘̜̬̱͓̳͚̤̳̣̝̹̙̻̩͖̳̟̗͚̺̫͎̖̟̤̥̜͓̪̦͖̤̝̜̼̹̦͙͔̼̝̹͎̳̪̤͓̪̰̥̰̮͙̰̰͚̭̙̜̬̣̮̫̬̰̝̝̩͙͕̗̮̜͇̻͔̱̘̟̺͎͙͙̟̰̥̖̘̻̰̣̹̝̼̱͇̩̺̻̘̤̰̗̘̻̳͎̝̗̠̼̖͇̠͓̗͔͎̬̬̘͕̗͈̤̜̘̻̜̳̯̦̼̙̪͍̘̭̣͎̗̦̪̹̠̼̭̫̮̱̹͕͓̪̥͎̤͕͕̬̼̼̝̰͕̘̙̪͇̣̖͈̫̲̥͔̭͙̭̯̟͕̩͍̪͈͇͕͔̭͇̻̣̱͖̲̖͉͉̭͇̟̣̜͍̩̩̱̠̝͖͎͚̤̯̯̙̜̬͖̲̟̦̥͎̱̜̹̱̬͎̠̱̬̫̦̰̩͙͉̼̭̺̹͍͍͇̞̮̗͇̠̦̥̣͙̞̖̞͔̦̙̦͎͓͎͓̣̮͈̰̯͚̮͔̞͚͓̦̦̗̩͓̫͙̝͉̜͙̘͔͖̖̭̪̬̼̳͚̼̗͕̮̫̱̟̘̝͎̙͉̘̲̩͕̙̫̗̗̠̺̮̙͙̩͔̯̞̤̠̤̹͎̫̻͍̙̤̟̦͚̦͚̤̭̮͔̤͙̰͉͓͓͍̳͒̎̏̋̔̎̃̂͗̇̀̒̑̊̐͑̂͂̿̑͗͐͊̉̂͒͛̎̈́̏͌̂̈́͆͋̽̇̉̓͐̈́̆̿̍͌͋̊̎̀̿̈́͂̈́̿̓́̓͛̀͋͛͆͐͆͂͐̎̔̉̌̅̔̎͑̐̀̑̓͋̎̓̈́̃͑̃̿͐̀̃̍̈́̒̊̂̈̒͐̋͌̈́͋͛̃̈́̔̊̂̇͆͌͗́̂͛̇̑̈́͋̓̃ͤ̀̏͋̈́͒̇̈́͑̀͊͑̅́̎̾̉̈́̿́͌̓ͯ̈́͗̂͆͋̉̄͐́̀̀̊̅̅̋̆́͋̃̅͐̇̇̇̾̒͛͂̑͑̀̇̒͊͌͆̾̒̋̌̍̂̋̈̂̓͛̐̓̐̐̊͆̀̈́̍̄̅̉̀̅͐̃͋͑̈́͋͛̈̿̎͒́͗͂̅͆͂̄̈́͑̏̊̽͑̀̓̉̋̔̋̑̎̆́̔̓̀̒̽͂̽̔̏͒͗͆̔͌̈́̈́̿͛̂̅͗͒̈̐́̏̂̿̽̽͗̾̇͐̆̊͌̈̓̀̽̋̑̆͌̐̂͐͂̋̔͆̈̽̍͑̾͌̅́͛̃̽̽͑̾̽̓̌̎́́̐͌̑̊̉͌̐̅́͐̔ͯ́̍̔̈́͊̅͆̈́͛̊̇̔̈͋͑̏̔̑̔̅̃̌́̅͌̀͐̾̎͛͋̔̒̊̆̏̈́̅̿̓̓͌̀͑̾͗̽̔̀̉͋́̿͛̿̑̽̓̓͋̎͒́̓͛̀̆̍͆͛́́̇̐͂̏̏̂̊͋͒̓͒̏̀̈́̇͑̉̀̓̓̌̓͐̊̾̔̒̿͂͐̿͛̌͛̑ͮ͑̅͐̌̆̀̈̐̀͌̒̅͌̎͒̇̽͂̂͐̀͆́̾̄̏͂͂̀͛̄͌̀̀̋͋̆́̓̽̈́͂̎̅̀̐̉̆͗̉͗̏̊̈͒͆̍͊̏͌̋̑̊͆̇̾̓̔̓̀̆̒̍̃̈͗̃̀̄̈́̽̋͐̾́͑̂̌͒̍̊̏̓̓̄͑̆͌̄͆̎̀̓́̌̽̐̅͊̓̇̈̄́̇̓̾̅͒̈́͛̓́̍́̀̈́͒́͂̈̎̃̓̀̒̆̓̂̊͐́͆̃̾̀͑́̌̽́̉͐͑̓̈́̆̑̒̂́̽̈́̑̅̇̐̌̓̿͌̑͊͑̌̈́́̎̑̀͗́̎̎͛̓̒͊͐̇͌̆́͌̇͑͗͊̍̔̽̓̈́̈́͛̾̈́̐̃̀͋͛̊̈́̍̒̉͑͐͐̈́̓͂͐̍̅̀̽̎̏̓̃̐̊͋̄͗̇͂̀͐́̓͐̈́͐̅͌̏̀̿̉̓͋͒͊̒ͣ͒̒̈̆̑̄̂̌̽̈̓͋͋̓̀͛̍̋̀͐͛͆̽̅̐͆̐̓̀̽̾̏̏̔̍͋̀͋́̑̍́͌̅͛̃̅̆͊̓͒̉͒̉̋̒̍̏̉̌͌̐̈̔̅̒̋̅́̉͛͐͊̀̾̅̃͐̐̊̅͋̿̈́̆͆̂̾̊̈́͋͆͂̌̄̄́̒̽̆́͆̽͛̈̈́͒̈́̾͑̆̌̎̓͆̀͊̊̿͌͂̌̆̿͑̓̀́̓̅̑͆̃́̌̑̍͊͛̂̃̾̏̒̐͆̾͋̑͆̐͐̌͌͋̍̀͑̈́̀̀̒͒̓̎͂̀̊͛̐͛͂̀͒͌̓̑͊͂͒͆̊̂́̉́͒̔̃̔̊͑̄̔̐́͆̃͂̾̋̎̈͌̀̎̂͑̈́͘̚̕͘̚͘̕̚͘̚̚̚̕̕͘͘͘̕̚̕̚͘͘͘͘̕͘̚͘̚͘̕̚̚͘͘͘͘̕͘̕͘̚̕͘͘̚͘͘̕͘̕̕̕̕̕̕͘̕͘̕͘͘͘̕͘̚̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅǪ̷̴̸̷̨̨̡̧̨̢̨̨̨̢̢̡̡̡̨̡̧̨̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̟̰͎̥̤̘̩͚̯̭̝͖̞̮̖̘͇̜̱͓̤̰̭̱͎͕͉̟͎̠̖̗̼̣̗̙̯̹̳̲̗̣̝̦̪̪͈̫̳̠̙̳͈̬̜̦͙̻͔̟͙̙̦̻̦̙̫͕̜̳̥̪͎̬̪̼̞̝͙̤͍̼̯̳̝̝̺̲̠̗̹̫̤̝̥͍͎̝̟̖̯̜̥̖̤̥͕̲̦̗̞̯͎̻̱̜͙͉̞͉͖̤̮̹͈͉̤̻̟̦̳͕͙̟͈̯̞̮̪̘̗̪̮̹̗͚̪̮̼͎̭̝̪̳̣̯̟͕̟̣͙͓̫͍̹͓͕̪̤͎̹̥͓̦͚̫̹̭̠̣̹̱͍̺̥͉̞̩̙̺͔̞̖̹͕͓̗̬̮̻̺͇̜͉̜̖͍̲͍̥̩̹̹͍͕͉͉̬͎̣̰̝͙̦̰͇̼̙̘͓̗̝͙̥̪̜̟̗̼̙̻̺͚̫̱̫̰̙̠̤͉̬͍̘̩͈͉͍̙͊́́̉̀̑̍̄̓̈́͂̊͑̏͂͗̌͗̆̂̅̌̐̈́͊̏̅͊̊͋͑̎͒̒̑̓͂̇̅̀̂̊͆̾̔̄́̇̍́̓̆̀̏̅͋͊̈́̈́̒̄̌͐̓̍͗́̈́̀̇̓̀͋̈̓̽̏̈͌̉̒̈́ͭ̀̌̂͗̀̂̂̉̽͆̂̋̈͗̿̄̈́̽͋̏̽̽͒͂̀̄̈́̍̈͂̀ͪ̅̾̈́́̿͗̇̓̊͌̉̽́̀͗̀͆̔̍͂̓͆͋̄́̔͛̋̆̈͊̽̃̓̈́̿̓̏̍̓̂̂̇́̎̽̂̃̍̍̐̔̍̒̓̋͑͗̑̎̀̊̆̈́̇͌̈́̀̾̉̾̎̅́̂̓̾̉̀͋̊͛̎̇̓̉͛̿̈́̾͂̌̾̓̍̑̉̒̃̇̊̍̐̈͒͆̾̾̆̓̔̂̂̇̾͌̃́̿̇̇̾̂̏̏̀̈̏̽ͤ̅́̈́̌͊̔̄͊͆̑̃̒͋̏͌͋̆̑͐͐̔͛͐̒͌̅̌̈́̔͒͊͂̀͛̈̂̆̿̄́͊̅̈́̿͛̒̅͐̄̍̓̿͛̓̃̈́̉́̂̈́̒́͂̅̏̄̌͐̋͛̇̓̒̊͑̉̾͆͂̒̇̄̐̓̿̈̀̓͊͐́̓̆̏̌̅̿̽̏̍̓̀̈́̋̋́͛̐͗̈͑̽̀͐͋̀̽̄̀́͆̅͛͐̾̐̇̍͐͒̽̈́̊̋͋͊̇͌̒́́̅̾̎́͆̂͌̾̓̎̇͐̑̄́̎͛͒͌̑̈̀́̆̾͑̌̕̚̕̕̕͘̕̚̚̚̕͘͘͘̕͘̚̕̕̕̕̕̚̚̕̕̕̚̕̚̚͘͘̕͘̕͜͠͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅR̶̶̴̵̴̷̡̢̢̧̨̡̡̢̡̨̡̢̨̧̧̢̨̧̧̢̧̨̨̧̨̢̨̡̧̡̡̡̢̡̧̨̡̨̧̧̡̧̢̨̡̧̨̨̡̡̧̡̡̨̢̡̡̢̡̧̢̢̡̧̧̡̡̨̧̡̡̨̧̡̡̢̢̧̧̧̧̡̧̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̬̳̱͔̖̗̟̪̲̰̰͓͇̦̹̹͉̻͇̤̖͈̙̙̮͈̱̮̼͔̼̯͎̜̯͍̫̰͙̜̝̘͓̞̪̯̥͖̖̺̣͉̭͙̘̥̘͔͈̥͉̣̰̻̖̰͉̩͓̻̜͇̹͙̻̯̬̱̜̰̤̜̜̪̟̞͖͔͕͙̠͓̺͈̜͓̮̬͉̙͕̝͙̬̠̥̬͎̼͕̻̳͉̭̭̦̰̻̖͇̬̱̻͍͈͉̞̼͎̞̘͍̜̺̘̣̹̖̮̼̪͔̪͕̝̠̰̠̼̰̮̼͙̩̱̙̲͎͙͚̯̝͉̭̞̹̠͙̖̙̥͇̺̼͔̰̠̜͍̙͙̩̯̱̺̦͈͙̩̭̜͔͎̬̣͈̹͈̫͕̖̮̖͚̠̤͖͈̞͍̥̞̣͇̹̮̘̺̤̤͈̜̼̗̝̬̦̤̭̜͇̦̙̬͍̝͉̬̫̪͉̩̤̮̥͇̙̯̙̦̲̼̺̱̫̺͚̯̘͚̥̮̱̤͎̹͍̟̖̜̼̮̩̣̤̟͓̫̼̹̫̹͇̖̩̤̩̮̰̤̞͉̲̫͙̺̠̺͕͇͈̩͕̦̰̜̘̠̬̬͎̟̫̫͎̹̥̗̤̮̤̪̯̟̲̹̻̣̹̘̼̺̟͙̪̻̙̰͇͎̮͙̥͓̰͖̯̲̣̣̺̥͉̻͓̰̱̠͔̘̭͈̟̯͓̗͙͍͎̼̜̞͓͕͍̗̙̫̻̪̘̙̹̥̰̲͖̤͔͎̳̱̮̺̥̞̩͙̬̦̮̜̩͉̰̭̬͉̥̫̬̣̟͕͈̤̗̦̩͓̠͓̫̞̯̲̼͎̮̱͉̺̱̮̖̻̘͖̦̫͚̠͓͍͇̲̗͎̮̳̠͈̹̤̥̰̫̺̫͈͙̠̯̱̳̞̟͖̠̦͚̹̝̺̦̪̹͓̼͇͍̞͉̰̼͍͖͈͇͔͓̝̭͇̼̥͇̜͚͙̦̲̙͎̺͈͔̦̪̮̺̯̘̭̣̻̜̯̞͎̰͈̲̝̹̟͇̣̼͚͕͚̬̞̣̱̥̪͙̥͈͚̘̙̦̦̹̞͖̣̤̦͔̦̱͔̖̞̯͉͇̭̣̯̙̖̼̣̦̱̥̩̬͇̩͔̰͔͈̥̱̼̰̭͍̠̬̯̟̭̟̪̠̹̮̳̹͚̺̦͓̤̟̝̳̺̙̫̤̲̪͙̲̺̻̗͎͓̤̟͍͇͖̥̼̞̪͉͍̙̰̜̗̟̯̮͉̱̮̺͇̘̱͍͓̗̹͎̦̪̳̫̤͎̥͕̭͔͈̤̫̖̹͓͚͙̫̻̯̲̬̩̠̺̭̳̱̤̻̘͔͈̠̖̻͓͕̻̘̮̺͎͇͚̓̓̃̀͂̑̓̋͑̊̿̈͆͆̓́̒̈̋̅̌̇͒͊̋͊̌̽̊̃͊͒̓̃̑̈́͊̈́̾̆͛̌̏̉̍͆̑̾͋̍ͮ͒͒̎͑̔͐͆̌̈́͐̉̔̃̌̐͌̌̄͂̌̈͛͋̂̓͌́̆̀̇̊̇͐̎̌͆ͣ́̉̔̏̄̓̐̀̓̀͛̉͊̎͊̆̃̏̆̿̋̔̓̌̃̈́͋̾̊͗͑̊̊̃̀͌͛́́̐̑̈̾̃̌̈̉̈́͌́̓̆͗͌͆̒̄̈́̿̈̌̂́̅̅͆͛͑̏̉̓͛̈́̒͊̓̈́̀̑̃͆̋̋̃̉̏͑̀̓͊̓͆̑͆̍͐̈́̃̽̏͑̄̂̅̉́́̒̉͒̀͂̔̀̊͐̑̎͑̐̈́̅̐̀̓͊ͮ̍̆̎͆̐̑̋͑̏̏̌̽̒́̒̀̔̂́̓̀̈́̿̅̓̌͌̿̂̅̏̾͒̓̂̉́͛̌͗̒̐̉̓̇̒̃̉̍̏͂̔͂̓̏̍̋̈́͊̄ͩ͛̂͐̄͑͗̓̆̌̐̈́͒́͂̃̔̃̀̇̓̈́͆̈́́͂̍̈͛̿̿͐̓̑́͗̉̔̐̄͆̽̅̍͋̆̄͑͗͒͊͛̈́̿͒́̎̿̀̇̽͗̅̑̀̓̎͌̓̉̀̑̀̒͐͊̉́̐͗͋̋̿͂̀̓̔̑̐̃̌̅͐͋̽̔̀̐̀́̎͋͆̿̎̓̈̉̍̓̊ͧ̈́̂̽̽͂͂̇̽̌̆̏̽̌͑̒̔͋͒̍̽̇̏̃̔̈́͛̑̾͑͑͒̈́̄̀̾̒͐̈̓̈́̅̉̄͆̑͆̆̋͆̉̎̽́͆́̍͛̑̎̈́̑̏̓̓͂̔͊͌̌̅̋̀͛̍͛̆̇̅̽̅̈́͋̊͑̇͐̂̈̍̇̑̂̅̒͐̆̈́̆́̔̌͆̀̅͒̑̾͊̐̓̋̃́̈́̈́̇͛̄̂̆̎͒̓̾͆̑͒̔̐͒̇̀͂́͂́̍̑̃̾̿̉̓͛̌̓̓̈̓̄̂̅͒͊̆̑̑̍̅̊̃̎̀̈́̅͒̓͌̏̅͑̒͘̚̚̚̚̕̚̕̚̕͘͘͘̕̚̚̚͘̚̚̕̕̕͘͘̕̚̚̕̕̚̚̚͘̚̕̚̚͘͘̚̚̚͘͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅĻ̷̵̴̧̨̧̨̨̢̢̨̡̨̡̢̡̧̨̢̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̗̹̫̦͇̼̯̯̰̮̮̪̮̘̠̗̲̥̦̫̦̤̯̖̱͍̝̣͉̞͓͕̣̝̣͍̤̪̦̮̺̼͔̩̻͙̩̰̠̼̫̯̩̤̞̭͕̯̻̦̳͖̬̰̩̬̗͓̺̺̱͔̝̩̭̜̞̤̥͍̙͙̠͔̖̞̬͎̪̯̹̫͇̮̹͎͚̹̼̫̤̱̠̟̹͖̲͇͇͙̻̬̝̳̳̤͍̘͈̮̗̪͖̗̠̰̫̺̙̻͔̼͔͍̦̠͇͖͇̪̗̣̹̦̼̻̤͇͖̳͙̺̦͔̯͖̦̬̞̰͍̟̗͈̮̠̟̙͈͍͚̺̖̪̩̦͈͎̜̞̙̳̲̠̱̖̩̰̙̥̻̬̭̱̥̝̥̯͍̣̹̭̜̝̗̲̖̩̭̩̳̩̰̠̦͙͕͇̹̖̬͖̂̆̿̓̎̇̈́̎̉̓͒͐̏̉̎̃̽͐̑̏͂̆͒̐̄̿̀̓͊̐͋́̈́̆̀̅͐͂̄̏̀̑̅́̇̃͛̈́̾̀̇͗̊̄̂̔̐̄̉̏̏̍́̊͂̇̂͗̔͂̈̿̿̍̆̈́͑̓̅͂̒́̏̌̅̓͌͊͗̅̑͆͂͊̓̅̇̐̈́̒̿̀͛̌̽͑̈̆͒͌̈̊̒͂̆̈́̽̌̏̀̃̍͌̎̽̓͒͌́͗͌́̉̀̂̑̓̏̓̃̎̽̓̓͌͒̽̒͆̉̓́̀͊́͐̓͐̅̈́̂͗̈́͐̽̄̒͑́̊̈́͛̓̽̋̇̍̀̔̉̅͐́̍͑͆͐́͑̎̈́̄̈́̓́̽̐͑̊ͫ͌͒̔͊͛̊̓͛̈̍̄̃͂͂͌͗́̓̂̇̍͊̓͂͐̃̒̓̎̆̃͌̇́̌͑͐͌͑̃̈́̔̎͐͊͌̆̽̅͆̉̈́͒̐͌̓͗͊́̐̔́̇̈́̈́̽́̑̔̐̿̎̅͒́͂͐́̍͒̊̿̓͒͆̾̈̎̏͑̌̐̎͊̉̋͌̀̾͐͗̿̈́̈́́̑͂̐͋̋̈̎͗̀̊̃̊́̆̾̊̐̽̇̑̓̇͑̇̔̄̓͆̑͊̊͂̓̎͊̐͂̉͗̇̎̍̆̈̆͑̈́͆͊̑̃̀͗̒̈́͆̎̎̿͗̈́͐̋͌̍̋͛̈́̑͒̅̐͛͛̎̈͆̈́͛̊̌̿͛̈́̍̍̋̈̐͋̔͛̓͛̐̊̔̑̈́̏͒͐̑͗̌̽̃́͛͑͗̄̈́̀̎̃̓͐͆̒͆̓̓̌̽͒͋͊̀̿̀̅̇́͒̇̀͋̆ͬ̏̂̀͂̓̅͌̏͗̿́̀̇̆͂̊̈̾̽̈́͆̓̈̀́͐̓̂͛̃̃̋̈͛̐̀̈́͗̂͋̋̏̓̔̽̈́̎̍͑̅̎̇́̏̽̔̀̆̓́́͐̔̚̕͘̕͘̚̕̕͘̕͘̕͘̕̚̕͘̕͘͘̚̕͘̚̕̕͘͘͘̕̕̕͘̕̚̕̕͘͘̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝ͅͅD̷̸̶̴̴̸̡̨̢̢̢̡̡̡̨̧̨̢̢̨̢̧̨̧̢̨̢̢̡̢̡̨̧̡̢̢̨̢̢̢̡̡̨̨̢̢̢̨̢̡̧̨̢̢̧̨̡̡̡̡̧̧̧̡̡̡̡̧̢̧̡̡̡̢̨̢̧̢̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̘̱͈̮͍̠̜͔̦̦̼̪̦̭̩̗̹̘̺̼̭̳̯̞̯͈͈̠̯̯̣̼̰̱̹͙̭̪͈̭̠͈̯̣͚̯̜̖͓͎̳̻̩̮̮̺̘͙̯̘̰̮̠͖͎͇̠̺̣̞͉̯̝̝̦̘͎̯̗̥̠̪͈̼̞̜̣͍̭̖̹̝̙̺̘̼̱̟̬̩̲͚͍͙̱̮͇̬̟̺̼͖̞̪̤̬̮̼̘̟̲͚͎̪͈͕̮͈̞̼̹͎̣̺̦̩̖̣̜̗͎̪̻̖̬̤̦̗͈͈̥̳̘͕̞͉͈̤̞̝͈̗͚͕̬̗͖͙̟̘̬͕̟̬̰͚͚͚̣̥̠̖̟̬̪̖̩͕͚͍̜̪͈͉̤̲͓͔̪̟̦͔̤̼͚̰͉̠̳͈̟̗̮̱̤̼̫̼̲͚̝͎̳͎̹̼̜̞̝͈͍̠̼̫̘̲̺͔̤̦̯̹̝̬̱͇̠͙̗̙͕͔͇͍̱̦̮̜͓̙͓̬̪̤̥̜͖͕͉̞̝̭͉͉͓̫̟͖̙̩̺̬͎͉̞̼̦̺͔̭̝̞͇̱͇̻̞̙̩̘̼̜̮̦̱͈͓̺̞̬͇̟̳̺̙̖̦̱̞̻̟͖͍̠̠͓̪̲̙̩͓͉̞̙͈͔͖̭̳̻̦͇̲͍̟͇̳̝̝͉̹̘̠͎̩̙̺̺͓̹̺͎̤̪͚̗͔̫̰̠̯̰̗̬̮̰̺̞͔̟̻̳̠͍͇̦̼̼͖͚͔̘̻̩̩̳̤̳̙͔̺̟̲̟̩͓̟̘͕̙̘͍̥̘͖̭̤͙͈͙̖̗̭͕̦͎̲͔̭̦̱͎͍̫̘̹̬̰̞̼̩̱̹̳͍͖̩͇̠̰͙̗͚̞̝̯͖̩̞͉͙̯̩̜̮͚̤͔̬̹͖͔̩͙͔̹̤̟̪̫̟̣̘̳̭̘̼̮̣̻̫̫͕̯̰͓̣̪̲̻̳͎̦̟̰̻̟̲͈̳̭̱̮͓̩̲͇̱̦͓̖̫̼͉͚̜̭̪͈̺͚͕̹̦̤͈͎̫̰̥̖̯̮̩̯͔̭̠̦̜͉̝̫̮̯͍͎̘̞̰̰̜̞̥̭̥̝̤̩̘̩͔͍̥̪̘͚̥̲͈͉͚͔͕̬̩̫͕̳̞͇͚̼̙̻̘̪͎͎̯̮̝͖̳̪̝̜̗̺̺͈̞̘̼̻̦̯̻̮͈̟̘̺̙̖̖̬̯̞̰̗̲͖̘̜̱̜͈̩̫͔͉̘̻̞̯͚̣̪̞͓͓͚̺͕̖͚̹̤̺͓͈͕͙̬͙̠̟̰͚̝̗̱͈̘̞̩͇̻̯̞͉̼̻̟̺̬̖͓̤̝͕̯͇̭͔̘͔̫̦̞͎̩̱̘̟̬̘͇͖̟͈͓̮̘̠̟̞̦̞̳͈̬̟̬̟̮̣͉̤̟̟͈͍̫̲̰͚̯̩̤̝̥̥̦̭̫͎̙̝̘͖̜̭̹̝̺̘̻̫̭̟͚̟̤̭̣̱̟̟̮͙̬͈̖̗̪̲̺͙͔̼͔̦̟̮͇̞̩͎̖͈̟̬͇̺̠̣͙̝͇͙͖̮̞͉̝͚̯̫̙̰͔̮͈̅͐̐͋̿͒̊̔̍͂̔̋̂́̒̓͛͒̅͂̀́̅̄͆͐̐͑̊͛̿͂̄͑̏͛̊͆̊̑̏̔̏̈́̈́̌̌͛̓͒̃͐́͛̋͐̍̈́͋̌͌͛̿̾̃̀̈́̇̐̀̓̽̑͂̈́͋̔͛͌̏͂̀͋̎̎̂̽̈́͐͛̈̏͆̎̒̉̔̓̈́͊̑̓̉̿͊̐̎͒̐̔͋͆͂̈́̋̒̑͒̈̉̀͛̉̇̓̄́̆̎̾̒͐̅͂̆͊̑̃̑́̈́͑̀̍̐̔̎̌̓͆̃͊͒͆̍͆͆̽̈́̾̃̆́̈́̄̇̾̂̒̒̐̇͗͌̈́̎̓̀͛̅͒̿̔̏͗̿̇͒̒͐̎̄̎́̆̈̌̓͗͒̆͌̇̓͗̾̌̌͗̒̓̊͆̄̄̉̒̂̑͛́̂͑ͥ̓̇̀͛̔̅͆͊͊͛̃̂̈́̽̅̄̃̃̂̀͛͛̓̍̋̃̊̓̎͑̌̇͑͒̂̂̿͂̔́̈̊̉̃͂̽̃̽̀ͥ͒̔̈́̀̈́̇̾͗̅̈́͌̅̈́̈́͊͊̉͌̿̽͗̿̂̄̑̌̿̏̈͑̈́͂̐͆̈̐̌̽͆͆́̅̐̾̽̓̐͑͛̉͛̏͌͐̋̾̂̆̊́̐̉̒̄̀̏̓̑̽̊̿́̔͆͐͆͂̐̿̏͋̈́͌̔̀̎͌́͊̾́̿͛̆́̽̆͗̐̔̇̾̈͋̿̄͂͗́̋͋̊̋̅̑́͑̑̄̓̉̓̈́̆͛̓̆̾̊̽̓̃̓̊̅̆̉̃̔̇̀͆͒͛̇̅̑̿͋̃̏̈́͂͌̅̈́͂͒̉̀̂͒̓̂̈̒̓͛́̅́̾́͂̋̄͐͑̿̽͑͋̎̃́̈́̌̌̆̽́̿͛̈́̆͋̍́̓̐ͨ͊̌̍͗͗͋͌̎̀́ͮ͑̽́̒̆̑̆͒͗̈́͆̎̈͋̔͌͑̍̿̽͛̈́̓̏͌͌̓͑͂̂͗͐̃̽̇͛̅̊̍̍̈́̑̉̌̍̉̐̈́͆͊͑͐̈́̈́̒͒̀̈́̍͊̇̾̃̎̂̔̌͒̆̉̅͋̔͗̈́̿̐̾͆̀̿̇̃̂͊̅̃̾̐̉͌̃̀́̓̀̃͊̀͌̃̀́͛́̿̌̔̈͗̍̆͊̈̓̉̊͌̀̓̃̽̋̓͆̇̒̅̀̽̏̋̾̈̿̽̂̀͋͂̊̍̽͐̾͆̿̒͐̉͐̉̔́̌̂̽̉͌͒̑̀̆̒͐͒̊́͐͛̏͒͆̈́̂͆̓͛̎͋̔̒̀̈́̈́̿̓̔̇̀͆́̅͊͐̆̋̉̿͊̉̀̊̅͌́͒ͩ̋̇́̀̊̀͂̅͂̑̎̀̈́̃̈́̓̌̑̃̄̈̑̉͊̒̊̅̀̍̀͌̌͂̈́̏̎̃̍̽͌͑̄̽͑͋̈́̊̂̀̌̓̏̽̎̋̈́̒͒͗͒̃͆̏̈́̆̑̅̍̄͌̀̄͆̄͐̍́́̈́̆̄̈́̋̓̍͋̇̏̆̐͊͂̉̿͋̓̂̈́̑͗̏̐̽̎͌͗̈̌̓́̿͊̆̒̑̎̊̃̅̈́̓̈́͐̈̂͛͂́̀͛͋̀́̎́̓͐̈́́̊͋̇̔͗̒͊̏̀̈̍͐̋̎̌̒̾̆͋̈́̉̈́̓͂̍̂̌̆̏̈́̅̏̿̑̓̽̎́͌̉̑́̓̚̕̕͘̚̚̚͘͘̚̕̚̚͘̚͘͘̚̕̚͘̚̕͘̚̚͘͘͘̕͘̚̚̚̕̕͘͘̕̕̚̚̕̕̚̕̚͘̕͘͘͘̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̕͘͘̚̚͘̕̚͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̶̸̸̵̷̨̨̡̨̢̡̨̨̢̧̡̢̨̧̧̢̨̨̢̨̧̨̢̡̨̨̧̨̢̡̢̡̨̧̡̡̧̡̧̧̧̢̧̡̡̧̢̡̧̢̧̨̨̨̢̡̨̨̧̧̨̡̢̢̢̧̢̨̧̨̨̢̧̧̡̨̨̡̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͚̞͕̱̦͕̮̼̙͓̹͚͚̩̯̱̩̤̥̻͍̺͚̙̼͎̖͔̥̱̬͕̤͇̱̠̥̗̠͚͖̺̣̪͔̩͈͔̞̻͉̼̦͖͍̪̠̹̲̭̘̝̘̪̗̱̘̮̜̫͇̦̹̣͓̱̦̦̰̠̭̗̮̳͎͇̱̮̬̺͉̼̘̺̙̱͉̠̪̗͔̠̦̲̝̦̹̦͔̻̯̮̼̙̦͚̰͈̱̺̫̻̤͕̖̻̬͕͔͇͓̝̗̞͔̟̹͈̗̗͎̺̙̖̫̝̺͎̲̖͎̰̥̬̺̼̫̰̭͉̩͔̝̺̖̘͕͙̭͕̹̳̣̝̪̲̫͎̻̰̪͖̮̫̱̜̮̺͔̺̠̮̜͖͍̪̪͈̭̥͖̝̼̖͈̠͇̩̠̫̻͇̫̗̮̣͚̲̻̩͔̣̖͎̳͙̺͖̞͕̪̱̭̫̦͕͇̼̘͍̖͉̟̖̜͔̤̦͉͎̜̬͔̳͎͍͎͉̰̺̜̠͓͚̟͕̯̥̟͔̜̜̬̥̞̥̱̲͖̻̰̣̰̲͕̙̞̖̪͔͔̙̲̘̤͕̮͈̮͉͚̱̞̤̮̼̲͕̭̲͕͙̪̤̞͖̣̘̪̠̹͉̪͖̯̪̯̣̟̤͈̖̗̙͍̩͉̱̮̬̪̲̺͕͙̣̞̯̘͉̥͙̹͖̞̣̮̘͖͕̟̪̟̖̘̙̣̟̟̗͙̱̜̳̮̣̳͈̟͈͖͔͎̩̼̙͓͎̤̞̻̣̥̙͎̗͈͓̯̙̗̮̺͍̯̩̮̯̫͓̼̳̟̰̭̜̳͕͓̬͖̟͖̳̤̺̫̰̜̯̰͕̦̼̳͇̝͎̯̭̙͓͍̯̟͈͍̳͕͈͈͓̰̳̫͉̻͉̮̺̣͇͓̬͙̙̻͓̣̻͉̮̲̱̤̟̖̞̝̟̞̞̹̺̹̫̱̬̗͉̻̥͍͖͈̣͙̤̹̲͉͍̲͉̳̰̖̘͇͎̻̠̜̩̤̝̳̥͚̟̰̜̥͔͍̲̞̹̲͉͖͙͈̬͍̘͉̱̲͉̹̩̳͔̜̟͕̼̱̭̲̱̦̹̝̟͙̙̹͖̣̤̬͎̥͍̺̤͈̮̲̗͍̝̭͉̦̹͍̩͍̰̗̙̤͉̜̥͔͕̣̠̥͍͉͉͔͙̰̼̱͚͖̳̹͚̻͙͖͉̳͚̣̰͖͉̠̭̱̺͕̫͓̭̖̣̳̗̪̣̩̮͎̯̩͇̰̼̫̰͎͙̲̩͖͕̗̖͕̫͖͚̜̅͛̓͋̃͋̐̊́̈́̾͐̄̊͂̓̐̌̓̎̅̌̆̀͆̓̄̀̃̀̾̐̄́̀́͛̏̒̅̓̈̊͆͒̋͋̇̉̒̒͒̑̍̈́͂͊͐̈́̈́̋̒͌̇̔̑̽̏̓̄͐̄̈́̀̀͛̃̌͑̓̽̐̍̌̍̈̐͑̋̀̎̋̅̒͌̿̋͛̄̽̓̀̀̈́͊̍̆̈͊̍̀̀͂̃͑́͗̈́͐̐̿͛̀̇͑̽͌̎͐ͮ̄̀̽̾͂͗̉̿̓̌̃̐̊̋̽̍́̔́̋̌͆̈́͐̂̋͐͌͛͋͗͆͐͌͌́͋̿̀̉̓̿͑̌̇͛́̾̾̅̐͂̍͗̍́̈́̈́̔͐̑̒͊̉͂̀̏͋͒̈̏̒͊͌̀́̇̿̄̍̉͑̉̅̽̈̏͑̌͒͂̎̇̏͒̒́̎̿͒̓̌̽̓̈́̏̀̃́̿͆̀͊̓́̔̋̅̑̄͗̎̐͌͐͛͒̃̐̓̾̅̿̑̇̀͋̈́̈̈͋͑̾͋̉̉̂̿̃̇͆̑̊̀̍̂̉̊̿̈́̂̾͌̑̒͐́̄̾͂̈́̀̓̔̿͐̑̿͗̓̒͊̀̂̌̏̽̈́̊͑̌ͤ̿̾͂̂͗̑̃́͛͊̈́͛̒̓̇̏͒̆̈́͒͗̄̀̀̈́͆̉̎́̅̆̆̒̉͋̋̐̏͐̏͒̾͗̐̊̅͂̀́̀̀̓̉͆̄̉̏̑͒̈́̊̏̏͒́̐̓̈͐̈́̎̆́̃̽̑̀͋̈̆͆͂̈́͛̾͆̒̈̓̓͂́̾͑̌́̀̈́̐̔̿͐̌̍̐͗̓̌͐̈́ͩ̌͂̉͗̆̏͌̀́̅̎̂̾̀̀̐͐́̾͐̒̌̍͆̌̌̌̓̃̈́̍̏̃̍̈́͊͌͆̅̇̑́͌̀͌̓͑̑͂͂͆͐͆͒̿̇̈́̃̇̑̑̀̉̍͂̾̄̄̾̄͐͒̇̐̔̑̽̄͑͛͑͋̀̆͑͛̽͆͊̂̉̾̈̉̑̀̎̅ͬ̐́̉͆́͊̐̉͊̾̃̒͂̓͆͛̃̂̊̏͊̈́͊̉̒̂́͊̄̆͌̋͑͋͒́̌͊̆́̀̓͑̈̏̀̿̽͆̋͛̉͆̇̄̊̅̈́̇̍̐͑̅̉̍̑͒̅̌͋̂̔̑̎̎̀́̆̔͐̎̒͊̃́̎͆͑̒̅̅͆̀̅̌̊̀̾͊̂̊̂͂̄̂̏͆́̀̀̀̍͂͌̎́̂̈́͑͌̈̃̃͋̑̒̏̋̏̏́̈͒̉̒̀̇͆̐͂͛͐͒͂̓̓̒͑̈̾̄̇̍͛̊̐̊͗͂ͦ͛̀̇̀͊͗̋̌͐̊̈͋̔̿̏̀̉͛̑̈́̈́̓͌̒̃̑̓̃̀̃̌̓̍̈͐̀̌̽̊́̓̽̈́̀͗͐̏̀͂̈̔͑̇̾̄̅͊͂̀̃̂̌́̆̄́͗̏̅̆̅̏̾̈̈́̀̈̑́̽́̏̃̅̍̑̾̊̈́̏́̔͆̂͋̏̍̈́̑͑͗̈́̏̽̅͂̾͛̈̊̅̉̈̾͒̈́̈́̾̀̀̑͛͑͆͑͛͆̂̍̓̔̅͒̂̈́̾͊̅͌̽͋̂̒̓̌̽͆̈́̿͊͛̌͐̅̒͋̌͂͆̏̈́̋̈́̀̓̈́̓͌́̀̐͌̆̈́̊̓͂͆͒̃̈́̍̃̎͌̿͆͛̇̊̏͗͛́̆͋̿͊͂̃͐̉̑͑͘̕̚̚͘̚͘̚͘̕̚̚̚̚̕̕͘̚̕̚̕̕͘̕̚̚͘̚̚̚̕͘͘̕̚̚̚͘̕̕͘̚̕̕͘̕̚̕̕̕͘̕̚͘̕̚͘̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅI̷̸̸̵̶̴̢̧̢̡̨̨̢̨̡̡̡̡̢̨̡̡̢̡̨̨̨̨̧̨̧̨̡̧̨̢̧̢̡̢̢̨̧̨̡̢̨̡̧̧̨̨̢̨̡̢̢̡̡̡̧̨̨̧̢̨̨̡̡̢̡̡̢̡̨̢̧̡̢̢̡̡̨̧̡̧̨̡̧̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̠̪͎̺̲̠͚̥̟͉̭͚̗̹̞̻͔͓̜̠͚͎͉̩͓͉̘̗͖̗̮͔̯̥̦̝̖̜̬̮̱͇̠͓̳͓̝͈̺̠̫̠͍̥̯̜̺͖͈͖̘̭̮͔͉͍̼̺̭̙͙̣̼̭͕̝͙̥̟̖̮̩̼͖͍̠͙̥̳͖̖͚̳̘̜͉̰̭̗̻̬̣͚̥̞̩̗̤͓̭͍̞͈̱͍̙͈̦̪̦̠͎͕͈͕̻̩̱̬̖͔̥̙̬̭͚͕̜̱̱̥̲͈͔͕̺̮̳̝̣̺̦̫͚̠̯̖̙̯̙͓̼͚̟̳̩̮̤̹̭̯̺̞̻͈̱̜͚̪̞̩̗̣̜͚̭͓̗͈̘̤̹̮̹͔̬̲͎̮̠̻̭͎̲͓̩̘̹͈͓̬͇͖̭͓̩̱̰̯̤̱͎̯̪̫͇̭̳͉̖̲͎͇͈̖̦͔͓̗̼̠͚̣͙̝̠͍͇̞͖͉̫͍̞͍̲̦̹͚͇̼̤̻̭̪̫͍̖̞̦̺͍͖̗̥̹̪̩̜͙̰̞͙̬̣̭̞̲̳̘̼̟̗̳̫͖̹̰̮̰̥̣̼͖̥͎̺̳͓͔̺̥̰̝̼̺̣͚̰̟͙̤͙͔͕̬͔͈̞̭̲̱̮̞̼͕͎̲̻͔̝̲̯̫̘̳͓̘̣̰̻̼̪̱̩̱̱̺̤͎̱͖͚̗̟͎̻͎̫̩͔̣̖̦͓͖̤̗͍̳̻̜̼̙̦͔͎̱͕͎̙̙͖͉͇̰̦̖̙͙̻̣̮̥͓͚̩̬̜̤̝̬̦̩̘̲͈̮̟̙͕͍̫̤͕̘̭̘̼̹̟͙̹̩͚̻͙̭̘͇̞̗̣̜̝̦̺͉͖̤͕̟̹̱̥̫̜̘̝̫̪͈̦͉̥̗̟̭͙̹̝͎̹͎̳̬̙̤̰̠̭̟̲̮̖̟͇̮̞̲̟̘̪̭̰̘̙͚̭͇̭̝̫̥̣̙̘̗̥̥̞̥̺̰̫̝͕̠̺͍͖͈̰̝̳͉̭̜̺͓͖̗̲̤̮̮̙͙̜̭̪̩͎̺͉̥̬̻̲̪̤̭͇̦͚̠̭͍͇̟̩̦̤̝̱̗̼̫̫̻̘͚͕̖̰̼̙͙͚̜̯̦̙̦̭̩͉̪͙͉͎͚͔̺̼͚̖̳̱͔̙̼͎̦̫̺̻̩͉̲̠̖̦̲̳̼͇̲̞̥̖̩̪̜̝̻̱͕͖͓͈͇̲̯̳̩̖̝̟̞̗͔̻̩̙͙͕̣̞͖͓̼̟̘̼̮̹̤̥͓̩̳̣̺̹̫͓̼̲̹̫̳̤͉̼̺͖͙̯̖̬̟̯͖̻͙̗̣̖̦̗͍͎͈͖̮̙̼̦͈̬̝͔̯̬͇̲̞̪̙̞͍̱̩̤͇͇͈̮͎̩̜̘͚̤̟͉̹̗͓̺͖̤̩͙̖̯̦̳̻̲̱͔̝͔̰̫̦͍̝̲̫̩̤̮̻̬͍̠̦̘͓͎̻͉̦̜̺̣̠̗̪̦̞̱̰̙͎̮͔̼̣̦̱͉̮͕̞̯̳̰̞̲̪͉̲̹̜̦̤̣̥̤͚̱̫̲̱͈̬̲̮̳̤̻̗͙͉̼̗͈̱̯̹̣̩̠̯̤̺̽̽͗͐̉̓̆̅͊̀̒̾͋̎̔̉́͌̔͋̍͐̀͑̈̾̏́̓̽͋̐̈́̐̅̔͋͑̀̀͊̆̋́̂́̾̔͋̈͒̿̐̈́̈́̈́͆̊̄̎̇̂̒̈́̊̅͊͊͛̍̀̋̌̑̓̀̓́̽̈́̄͛͊̈̂̿̂͗̌͗̍͂͑͐̓̎̅͐͒̐͐̏͑͑̀̓̔͂̀̾̅̄̎̌̔̓̄̀͋̽͂̈́̾́͌͒̄͗̈́̀̊͆̀̆̐̉͋͊̾̓̍̌͌̋͂̾̽̓̑͒͛̎̆̄̀̓̀̀́̌̋̓̾̐͛̀͛̓͑͂̐̄͆͒̽̽̈̓̒̃͂̄̇͋͐̅̿̇̒͐͂̍͑̈́̀́̋́́ͮ̉̑͐̔̍̂́̾̾̓̌̾̅̓̒̅̔͂̍̒̋͒̈́͊̂̒͗̈́͒̈́̏̾̓̌̓̐̅́͗͐̓̉̈́̾͊̈͆̅̐̈̂̃̓̈́̿̾́̇̐̆̆̅͌̏̉̉̿̈́͑̏̈́͂͂͐́͋̍͋̀̄͛̀̀͛͐̿̿͗̈̓̉ͯ͑͑͑̽̉̈́͂̆̌́̈́̈́͗͆̈̀̈́̓̏͑͗́͐̈́̄͋̈́̀̈́̾͛̇̑̇̏̈́̎̒̉͗͌̈̅̄̆̒͒́̑̔̅̀̈́̅̿͑͂̿̐̈́̔̿̽̂ͥ̂̈͌̃͑̍͊̆͆̀̃͐̃͐̆̉̎̔͆̓̈̉̊̈̎̉̔̈̿̂̑͂̍̓̍̓̓̉͆́͒̇́́͗̏̃̽̉̌̋̒̎́͛̾͌̿̏̒̊̓́͌̄͒̓͋͗̉̾̿̈́͗͗́̌̈́̊̀̃̒̀̇̇͗̄͊̀̍̓̃̿̊͑̂̔͌̐͂̿̌̊͂̂̃̉̓̀̂̀͑̇̂͌̈́̾̍̉̾̿̈́͊̿̌̀̇͂̐̋̿́͛̽̾̀̐̒͌͆̀̓̅͋̈́̏̀́̽̅̍̆̌̿̄̐̊̽̊̓̔͂͛̍̏́̍̋̇̔̍̿̈́̊͐͌̎̆̉͊͐͆̾͊́̇̿͊̈́̈́͗͂̆̓͌̎̾̃̃̾̈́̿̐̿̇̎͆͛̽͌̔͆͒̀͐͑̒́̽͛̽̃͊̄̏́̐̂͐͋̈́̉̾̋̅͌͐̑̾͆̓̍̓̌̈́̎ͦ̆̓̇̉̅͂̉̅͛̌͂̅̃̍̇̏̄̿̀͊̓̏͛̀̍̔̌̈́̂̇̌̉̂͊̄̀̇̎͗͆̏͗̋̇͋̾́ͭ̀̃́̊̽̈́̇́͋̄̍͒̉͂̀͑̂̋̂̇͛̄̑́͊̀̅̆̎̂͛̎̿̈́̀̃̂̓́́͊̌̎̏̽͂̀́̿͒̈̊̽́̊́̉̈́͗͛͗̾̓̑͋̂͂̎̒͐̀̔̔̂̅̆̒̓̎͛̌͗̉̕̚̕̕̚̕̕̚̚̚͘͘̕͘͘̕̚͘̚͘̕͘̚̚̚͘̚̕̕͘̕̕̕̕̚͘̚̕̕̚̕̚̚̕̚̚̚͘͘̕̕̕̕̚͘͘̕̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅS̷̸̷̶̶̷̵̡̧̨̡̡̡̢̡̢̢̡̨̧̢̨̡̨̡̡̨̨̢̧̢̡̧̨̧̧̧̧̡̨̨̧̡̡̨̧̨̢̡̢̡̧̧̨̢̢̢̧̧̢̨̧̢̨̡̡̡̡̡̡̨̢̧̡̢̡̡̢̧̨̧̢̢̢̧̡̧̡̨̢̧̢̡̢̢̢̡̧̢̨̨̡̡̢̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̙̦͚̣̻̣͔̩̝͚̮̣͕̩͎̖͍̙̙̞͈͚̤̲͓͙̯͎̠̟̳̝͔̰̱͎̙̠͓̼̺̹̲̦̬̝̼̹̮̖̻͖̥̞̳̖͇͓̭̣͉̲̺̙̦̺̤̯̳̪̘̝͕͚̲̲̤̜͓̦̗̲̰͚̯̥̥̯͙̣̠̪̼̞̮̞̦̫̼͉͙̥̤̟͕̮̣̬͖͉̮̻̘̰͈͔̥͎̣͕̣͙͖̬̺̬̺̻̠̼̞̮͎͖̗̭͙̗̝̫̟̹̺̟̹̣̱̰̝̮̪͇͉͕̺͈̤̳̬̰͎͚̭̗̭̘̯͉̱͎͍̹̱̜͚͓̥̱̹̘̻̦̼͕̠͎̙̫̟͙͇͚̤̗̠̫̲̫͓͉̺͎̲̖̙̙̹̲̙̝̠̜͓̼̼͕̲͎̞͓̪̻̟̩͔̫̹͓̰̰̦̱̝͎̫͖̼͚̘̖̤̼̬̠̳͇̳̣̻̖̹͈̝̼̮̼͔̳̫̝̘͙͕͎͈̲̟͎̲͍̱̰̯͍̺̗̯̠̺̯̣̠͖̝͉̹̱̹̺̺̰͇̜͈̦͍͇̬̞͉̰̲̲̘̫͚̥͇̖̙̗̳̥̖͉̫̱̘̗̞̪̞̞̜͍͚̺͓̹͇̹̖̝̻̭̞͙̤̗͉͚̬̝̼̭̼̱̦͚͖͚̩̼͈̤̞̞͚̫͇̲̻̲̱̞̠͙̼͉̹̝͔̦̳̼̭̙̮̭̹̭̲̙͚̖̠͙̗̮̩͉̱̺͚̳̭͓̱͔̲̹̫̟̱̬̦̟̣͓̞͍̖͚̗̩̗̳͔̳̻̮̞̳͈͚͍̣̳̞̗͓͇̱̣͇̱̱͓̬̰͍̥̟̦̝̠̭̟̩̼̟̠͕͙̣̘͓̻̠̦̟͈͔͎̥͇̭̘͓͖̯̩̫̯̥͎̦̫͇̺̞̦͍͖̭̖̗̰̳̖̗̞͉͇͎̺͓͚͕̳̯̟̼̥̦̭̳̬͖̻̖͔͉̩̘͇̣̥͉͍͖̹̜̺̯̮͓̱͈̬̠͇̻̜̜̜̮͉̫̦̠̯̗͙̞̟̳͇͖͎̯͓̯͈̣̤̻̼̳̼̗̯̲̲̻͖̖͖͈̰̥̩̘̞̮̠̤̦̗̲̙̜̜̺̬̳͎͓͔̲̳̼͚̼̟͕͍̝̖͈̳͚̭̟̻͇̬͕̤̼͓͎͎̜̪̫͖͎̹͍̮̰̰͚͖̝̣̖̯͉͚̘͖̖͎͙͇͉̟̜͇͍̳͍̣̻̺͚̦̗̳̪̖̖̝͍̘̠̞͙͔̭̘̗̲̩͓̩̭̜̗̦͚̻̮̺̠̝̟̦̲̜͚̻̼̣͚̠̬̼̦̹̤̱̞͚͉̼̱̦̘̲͖̙̘̙͖̪̗͕̫̘̩̬̱̪͈̜̯̱̟̠̘̭̦͙͚͉̦̜͖̤͎̖̘͍̺̟̣͖̬̤̬̪̲̣͉͉͎̭̝̪͇̞̠̪̠̠̘̻̮̰͓̺̰͚͙̪̖̰͈͙̯̖̰̭̞̪̩͓͍̙͙̬̟̭̝̗̘̱̼̮͇̗̲̯̮̜̣̰̹̼̩̮͈̳̯̰͍̠͓͉͎̮̙̜̭̳̝̤̖̣̘͍̝̬͔̥͇̩̦̭̭͉̲̗͎͙̥̺̯̟͎͈̠̮̫̺̭̞̥̼̰̮̮͉̙̮̘̬̣̮̭͖͍̲͙̪̻̠̹̬͇͔̭͕̺̯̝̰̥̠̞͚̪͈̫͙͔̠̱͇͓̼͎̠̤̤̦͓̪̞̖͕̰̜͎̦̪̝̥͍̭̬̠̹͈̱̬͔͓̞̜͙͔̭̪͈̗̭̼̝͕̞̟͓̮̦̘̥̫̺͙̺͉̹̩̰̜̘̩̳̼͚̲̟̱͖͍̱̥̳̙͍̦̰͍̰̬̭͉̺͍͔͇̗̪͎̞̮̳̱̟̠̥̼͕̥̘̮̩̟̲͈̫̪̼̥͕̘̮̝̪̰͎̪̦͚͚̗̰̤̥͋̅̄̔̾̾͆́̈̿̀̽̄͋̓̀̀͆̓̀͋̄͋̿͆͗ͪ̒̈́̀̀̈́̆̈͌̽̀͒͋̅͒͑́͑͗̈́͐̄̀̈́̿̀̐͗̆̏͐̽̈́̔̾͊͌̅͐̈́̆̇̃̏͑̈͌̉̊̾͂̂̋̐͋̆́̋̓̍̐͊͛͑̂̃̐͑̎̓͌̒̊̿͛̐̎̈́̔̉̈́̈̒͛̅͒̈́͛̂̒́̄̓͗͂͛̎̏̂͂͒̑̒͐̈́̅̑͐̽̈̔͌̑͂̆͆͆̊́̆̑́̽̽̈́̈͐́̄͋͑̅̒̑͒̇͊̉̌̔͛̅̈͛ͮ̈́̄͆͒͆̃͆͗̈́̓̐͂̌͑̓̎̋̓͒̑͌̽̾̇͆̋̌̉͋̒̓̿́̂̎̐̄͛̿͛͋̽̀̏́̓̍͐̅̎̇̊́̿̽̒̏̓͐̓͛͂̏̍̌͑̔̄̓͊̀́̈́̉̐͗̅̅̉̈́͂́͑̒̈́̍̀̏̔͛̌̈́́̾̎̋̑̇̀̀͒ͬ̀͊̆̇̿̈͛́͗̿̀̈́̆̒̈̐̓̈́̅̉̈́̀͐̅̒̓̈́̋̑̓̋̔͂͒̍́̈́̍̏̐̀̌̏̂̄̎͒̍͗̐̃̂͌̍̊̒̒͌̓̈̎̐̑̀̃̔̎̅̐̅̃̂̐̌̊̈́̍̇̆̔̅̑̂̈́̒̃̇͐̊̒͛͂͆̈́̓͊̋̅̋ͫ̔̈́̊͛͋͗̿̉̓͛͊̔̆̌̎͆̈́̒̅̈́̈́̍͂̃̎́͊̓̅̈̅̈́̾̃͆̍͆̈̀̾̓͒̑̃̐̿̐͌̓̃̆̆̃͋ͧ̇͒̒̏͋̀̋̀̑͑̿̓͐̇͐͐̀̉̅̎͛͆͋͒̋̔́̂̎̍̂͂ͦ̈̊̈͗͌̉̈́̔̆̄͌̊̀̀̈̃́̉͌̄̾͑̊̐̀̅̏̃̋͗̈͒͒̈̍̈́͒̑̂̑̒̑̔̃͋̔̍͗̽̉̂̂̾̀̇̄̈́̄̽̔̇̽̊̿̀̃̾̓́̾͊́́́͂́̐̉̇̊̂̊̈́̀̒̈́̔͋̅̍́̅͐͛̏̑̂̋̀͒̉̍̀͌̆̒̄̅̉̀̏͌́̊́̊͌͊̈́̀͐͋̇͊̃̍́̃̑̕͘͘̚̚͘̚̕͘̕̚̚̚̕̚͘̚͘͘̕̕͘̚͘͘͘͘̕̚̕̚͘̕͘̚͘̚͘̚̕̚͘̕̕̕͘͘̕̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̶̶̸̴̵̸̢̨̢̧̡̨̡̡̨̨̨̨̡̨̧̧̡̢̧̡̢̢̡̧̢̧̡̢̨̡̧̡̢̧̡̡̡̢̧̢̧̧̢̨̧̨̢̡̧̨̡̢̨̧̢̢̨̧̧̨̡̡̡̡̡̧̡̨̡̢̡̢̡̢̧̡̨̢̢̢̡̡̨̢̧̨̢̧̢̡̨̢̡̨̨̧̢̧̡̡̨̢̡̡̡̧̡̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̤͕̬̬͍̻̦̝̙̰̰̻̳͔͚̩͓̥̘͙̯̗̳̜̱͇͙̞̣͍͎͓̖̟͍͎̗̺͈̩̭̥͎͇̫̩̙̼̹̟͎͙̻̻̰̘̣͙̜̠̲̬͈͎̥̘͚̯̘̹̩̭̼͎̞̮̘͚͇͓͓͚̯̻̜̹̞̜̱͓͚̝͓̲͖̼̥̮̥͉̠̭̘̮͙̙̺̺͚̬̗̫̫̖͍̯̩̹̩̜͉̞͉̜̪̤̗͇͔̲͓̣̠̩̟̲̳̰̞̩̹̥͕͎̻͉͈͙͓͖̘̰̱͇̣̲͔̪̤͓͚̯͍̫̫̳͈̩̣̜͖͎̖̰͇̹̬̬̘͈͓͇̠̘̩̗̮͉̺̥̗̘̮̰͇̗͔̟̠̫͍͇̞̺̫̦̞̯͚͚̦͈̤̥͈͈͖̯̞͇̤̹͍̺̭̼͇͓͈͓͍̙͔̖̲̹͍͓̲̘͎̣̪̹̱̖̩͙͍̤̼͓͚̭̲͔̼̣̣̘̘̭͈̼͇̻̹̪̞͉̲̯̦̹͕̣̙̱͇̯̙̖͙͇̜͍̙̼̰̬̠̹̯̼͓̟͚̟͈̯̦̤̱̹̘̦̭̝͙̝̜̟͕̟̬̫̞͕̺̥̫̮̻̝̦̻̖̲͚̯͇͈̞̩̹̙̦͚̩͉̣̪̪͔͉̺̪͙̮̯̜̖͕̱̳̖͔͓͇̮͓̖͖̦̰̻̠̞̺̥̭̼̼̣̦͎̫̤̜̙̹̹̗͓̗̻̗̗̣̭̬̜̪͓̮̱͉̙͉͖͓̦̠̹̬̠̲̣͎͈̘̣̰̘͇̖̱̭͕͓̹͇̜̞͎̱̜̲̭̯̱̣͕̝̰̜̺̘̖̣̣͓͉̦̮͖̰̖͓̲̻̱̺̫̗̩͙͙̼̮̙͔̳͎̫̻̖̼͉̫͔̘̪̱̻͙̺̰̳̤̜̜̫͖̠̬̩̱͓͉̥̲̰̭̣͔̠̹͓̙͉̣͔̦͉̳̝̬̦̞̮͈̥̺̙͉̣̻̘̣͔͖͍̼̤͕̭͖̦̼͚̩̝͈͇̤̳͙͇̻̗̪͎̪͍̯̟̖̦͓̫̠̝͔̹̮̳̙̭̹̼̘̝̗̘̘̞͉̲̞̲̦͖̰͍͙̦̪̳̞̪̜̻̹͍͕͖̮͕̱̺͎̭̟̼̫̻͎͖̙̦̼͍̰̮̲̖͍̠̫̗̻̼͇̥̰̞̗̜̻̥̠̮̠͍̟̝̲͚̙͍̳̱̪̭͍͕̯͈͖̘̥͉̻͇̫̘̱̗̤̜͎̲̖̠͎͚̳̜̟̞̝̹͕͓̙̼̯̣̬͕̯̭͕͎̼̬̠̱̼͚͓̪̬̺̮̱͖̘̹͖̥̜̯̼̣̱̗͔̻̖͈͎̬̜͎̦͕̬̣͓͈͚̫̲̦͔̦̗̹͚͉̣̦̮̱̖͓͙͔̞̺̰͕͕̦̥̪̞̝̦̣̘͎̼͚͙̰̠̦͚̣̭̹̲̥͎̻̖̯̤͔͙̭̙͙̗̬̬̫̲̺͇̳̹͈̗̠̻̝̺̭̙̙̯̭͎̼̮͈̳͎̦̼̥̼̯̳͙͔̱͚̬̗̥̫̙̖̥̹̜̥̺̮̠̲͓̞͚̭̙͍͕͇̫͉͎͍̙̩̬̗̟͔̱̯̘̘̬͕̗̣̞͚̹̠̻̺͉̖͍̠̱̠͖̰͇̬͉͕̥̹͖͖̤̞̬̤͚̪͙̻̙͇͇̬͇̹̱͔͉͓͉̙̥̼̗͖͚̦̭̤̹̯̩̳̩̦̺͈̲̝͇̼̬̥̐̐͂̅̀̓̉͐͊̇̄̒̈͛̾̀̀͂̽̽͛̀̀̍̈́̏͋̀̀͆̆̀͊̐̉̂̈̌͂̏̍̋̂̔̐̇͛̊̅̈́͊̐̌̓̏̐̓̐͂͛ͧ̔͆͛̓͂̄̌̊̍̀̓̋̇̔̔̐̈́̈́̄͗̇͋͗̃̈́̑̑̑̆̔͛̐̌̐̌̐̅̎̂̃̄͒́́̔͐̈̔̉̊̐̓͋̔̔͆́̇̄̒͐̍̓̍̃̊͒̈́̾̄͛͐̔̒͛̋̆̔̔͊̈́́̓̾́̀̊̽̇̀̓̓͌̃̂̆̈̓̆̉̌̃̀́̉̀͌̈͆̀͛̈̊̐͋̇̓̂̋̿̊ͧ̓̋͒̎̉̓̓̽̏̃͒̽̑͐̂͗̂͑̓̓̌͛̄͌̎̈́̍͒͂͐̅̾͋̓͛̅͊͒͋͑͑̾̄̅͐̒̅̀̽͊̃͊̽̈̀̈͊͆̍̌̋̋̂̋̈͋͐̐̏̅̓̏̄͋̑̅̎̈́̿̍̇̋͒̾̀͌͗̐̽̀̌́̈̀̂̉̅̈́̔̀̋̋̑̑̏̈́̎͑̃̽̈́̒̀̾̊͋̌̈̈̓́̌̔̏͆̔̐͊͌ͪ̉̑͌̊͛̂̆̉͋̈́́͂̆͐͂͆̅͑́̂̿̉̊̋͒̈́̈́́̍̓̋̾̊͌̋͊͆̈́́̐̀́̾̈́̐̉̄͌̄̌̾͌̏͆̆̔̈́̿̀̑͒̔̂̓̆̓̐̆͗̈́̃̀͒̇̋̃́̆̅̎͑͑̋̂̓̔̏͗͂͆̽͌̽́̆͛́͑͒̋̽̑̈́̎̐̓̈́̑̒̌̐̏͂̔̔̉͐̅̋͒̅́̌̏͛̏̀̃͗͑͋̅̄̓̄̌̈̑͐̅̀̓̽̒̈̍̊̌̉͑͒͊̀̽͑̾̈̄̌̍̑͋̐̍͆͛̊͐̅̉̀̓̅̂̾̌̓͆̒̽̀͛́̑̆͐̿̆̅̌͋͑̃̿̅̎̓͐͛͛̓̽͒̈́̉̈̄̋͂̀̏͗̿̀ͮ̿͗̏̈́̊̇̏̑͗̅͑̿͗͌̑̒̿̃͋̓̇̍̐͆̾̒̅͛̇̃̓͗̂̍̈̄͋̎͊̏̔̋͋͌͊́̽̈́͊̆̿̋̑́̅͐̀̒̂̓̇͒̄͗̊̓̔̈̓͛̈̈́̃̏̔̒̾̊̉͊̒͐͐̔͋̃͐̅͛̐͂̾̎̔̄͗ͣ̔͌̋̈́͊͑̾̌͘͘̚̚̚̚̕̕̚͘͘͘̚̕̕̚̚̚͘͘̚̕̚͘͘̕͘͘͘͘̚̕̕̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͘̚̚̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅG̶̴̷̸̷̢̢̨̢̢̧̧̨̢̧̡̨̨̧̡̨̡̧̡̢̢̨̨̢̡̧̢̡̧̧̢̡̡̡̢̨̢̢̢̡̨̨̨̨̧̧̢̡̨̨̨̧̧̧̡̨̢̧̡̡̨̨̢̨̧̧̨̢̧̢̧̡̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͓̥̭͍͙͚̳̣͚̗̙̘̜̱̭̦̥̫̭̦̝̤̩͇̟̞̣̙̤̘͖̝̝̰̟̗̹̹̪͚̲̞͎͍̩̰̱̝̫͔̪̬̞̹̯̥͈̺͓̦͇͈̗͎͕͓̻̖̜͖̻̬̬̞͈̬̜͔̘̙̩͕̞͎͓̳̳͍͔̻̪̠͎̖̼͈̠̬̥͕͙̗̹̣̮̝̱̪̞̫̱̙̤̯̦̬̮͇͕̫̙̠̫̬͚̖̲̠͉̹̜̲̖̘͖̭̖̱̖̟͎̝̲͈͖̫͙̼̥̬̫͓͕͉͚̲̦̦͍̗̘̙͍̼͖͍̻͉͇̠͈̣̭͍̠̘̥̱̯̙̥̙̗̳͉͔͓̤̙̭̯̝̲̞̬͙͉̫̭̪̹͎͕̪͍̦̖͈̭̺͇̩͎̘͍͍̱͔̖̼̟͚̫̩̗̩͖͖͇̯͕͎̙͍͎̤͙͓̫̲͈̥̱̱̯͎̱̫̟̲͉̬̙̗̩̦̻͖̭̰͉͎͙̳̞̥͇̺͉̞̖̮̻͚͕̦̘̥̪͙͈̩͈͉̘̬̳͉͙͓̖͉̦͎̜̱͔̱̘̙͚͙̫̝̳̪͚͇̪̦̦̼͖͚͉̗͙̹̖͎͓̼͇̫͈̗̺͉̼̙̜̺̞͈̩̻̭̱̗̮̟̝̦̬̝͓̱̰̥͖̦̟̲̮̰͉̥̺̭̱͍̘̺͚̻̬̮͖̳̦̹͙̠̝͇͇͎̲̖͈̦̯̦̳͉̦͔̱̱̣̯̫̺͙̠̰̝͔̻̟̤̤̹̩̳̦̣̙̙̱̺͕̖͓̘̺̠͙̦̖̬̳͓̗̠̩̙̭̭̖͎̣̟͈͕͖̰̹̩̭̤̣͙͉͓̜̬̹̹̬̰̣̦͎̳͎̳̣͇̹̟̙̫̯̗̪̘̗̜̙̥͇͚͙̦͔̹̲̻͔̻̣̲̦̪̘͕̠̗̠̳̦͇͖͉͙̞̤̮̮̭̩̲̯͉͓͕͇̪̟͉̙̘̥̙̮̬̹͖̦̦̣̬̪̮̙̝̣̮̬̦̝̮̫͇̘͉̹̠͕̜͉͙̦̼͙͓̺̠̲̼̞͈̙̟̬͓͍̭͉̬͎̭̗̗̖͎̠̲̦̼̯͉̞͕͙̮̲̯͍͔͕̜̥͖̻̝̦̱͓̙̫͖̻̱̲͍̰̲̻͙͙̗̪̦͚̩̹̗̜͍͉̻̠͓͚̝͇̙͓̪̥̘̙̮̺̹̺͈̠͈̝̲̻̘͇̯̟͕͔̘̫̣̣̱̖͉͎̜̬̱̝̱̱͎͍̱̝͎̰̘̥̮̼̞̲͉̝͈̦̝͍̲̦̜̠̗̭̥͇͍͚̭̟̠͈͙̲͍͖̟̗͎̗̤̮͚̮̠̼̩̫͈͍̝̞͕͈̮͈̳̟̦̻̼̠͉̦̻̺͓̼̖̭̘̺͙̙̦͙͕͔͇̠̜̪̰̼̟̰̻̰̞̱̹̼̳͎͙͓͔̹͚̔̀͂͆́͛̀͆̌̇̓̀̈́̎̀̀̊̊͛̋͊́͆̃́̏͛͑̍͛͛́̓̿́̑̏̔̂͊̆́̾̔̓́͋͑͊̀̓̂͐̍̈̐̍͋̀̔̓́͊̈́͌̎̍̒̐̋̓̀̈́̏̏̊͑́͗̈́̾͐̅͗̅͋̈́̀̓̌͗̉͒̾̑̒̈́̽̽̓̄̂̉͊͛̈̓͒̈́̍̐̾̈̇̍̃͋̓̂̃̌̐̿̇͋̇̎ͫ̂̃̓̃̋̇̍͊̿́͐͌̅͐̉̉̅͐̄̋̑̉͋́͊̓̿̇͆̂́̓̿͆̈́̐̓́̐̑͆́̅́̍͛̆̎͌̊͋́̄̉̿̈́̎̐̽͋͒̏͗̀́̆̃͑͐̅͋̿̀͗́̀̒̐̆͗̍̍̎͌͒͛͊͊͂̋̈̈́́̍͆͛̍̍̄̏̿̽̓͛̽́̆ͦ̔̐̊̑̈́́͐̔̋͐́̑̈̂̔̈́͒̉̀̎̋̀̽̾͋̽̊̔͛̃̐̀͊̂̉͑̒͒͂̍̀̾͆͗͂̀͒͊̐̽̓͛̈́͐̓̏͐͗͗͒̿͒̽͆͂̉̔̈́̎̆͂̂̉̇͑̀̈͗͐̉̉̊̓ͧ̆̈́͆͗͊́̊̃̈̉̍̀̓̈́͂̋̿̋̊ͬ̎͛͒̂̈́͌͒̓͗̀̔̓̒͋̍̃̊͂͐̂̀̄͊̀́̒̆̎̊̔͛̍͒̆̉̾̐̉̈́͐̂̈́͐͋̀̒̆̑̍̈́̂̋̐̅̓̍͂̈̄̔͒̆̌̿̎͋̋̈́̾͛͂̈́͋̓̈̽͂͆̾̇̀̍͂̔̊̎̒̌̓̒̃́̄͋͂̃̌͐̾͐̅̌̊͊̈́̑̐̓͒̈́̓̇̀̈́͑̑̆̉͑̐̐̀̓̓͋̀͑̎͗̂̂͆͆͋͑̓͛̈́̾̍̑̇͒̓̊͋̆̍͒͂̍͂̀̒̐̏̍͌̀̐͒̉̈́̍͋͛́̓͆́̈̓͋̏̌̔̇̍̋̎͒̿̋̀͗̍͊̋͒̽͛̒͆̓̈́͛̏͆̀̈́̊́̆̅͛̋̍̋̈̋̿̉̈̊̕̕͘͘͘̕̚̚͘̚̚̕̕͘̚̚͘͘͘̚̚͘̕͘͘͘͘͘̕̚͘̕͘̕̕͘̚̚̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅḶ̷̶̵̷̵̵̵̴̨̧̨̨̧̨̧̡̨̧̡̡̢̨̡̧̧̨̨̡̢̢̢̧̡̧̡̢̧̨̨̨̡̡̨̢̧̧̢̢̡̨̡̢̧̡̧̡̨̨̡̡̧̡̡̨̡̨̧̨̨̢̧̡̨̡̨̨̢̧̧̢̡̡̢̢̨̨̢̨̨̢̧̡̡̧̨̡̧̢̧̨̢̡̡̢̡̡̨̨̢̢̡̨̧̧̡̧̨̡̧̡̡̨̧̧̡̢̡̡̢̨̢̡̢̢̧̡̨̨̡̡̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̥̲͖͉̥̩̝̫̲͔̦̹̪͍̹̪̺̟̟͚̖̗̰͇͕̯̙̻͙̠͙͕̣̮͔̩̯̤̗̬̩̝̼̞̻͈͇̗̮̘̩̭̬̲̩̜̗̹̝̭̯̣̲̪͖̫̝̭͙͍͇̰̜̱̫̫̰̝͕̩̩̺͔͈̹͔̝̺̗͕̤͕̣̲͕̦͙͓̗̩͇̪̖͇̫̞̝̗͉̞̞̗͉̪̲̼̼̞̖͔̠͙̤̖͇̼̭̝̣̰͖̠͔̪͚̻̳͍̭̰͕̮̻͚͔̳̣̹̯͈̫̤͔͕͇̯͚͎̥̯̫̳̗͇̥͚̤̥̘͚̺͎̥͔͉̫̪̲̬̩͖̞̖̭̯̺̭̱͍̻̠̺͙̳͙̝̭̹͔̗͙̰͇͔̗̲̭̳̻̤͍̬̬̤͓͙̼̫͍͙̺͇̳̭̻̤̠̭̰̻̱̩̲̯̖̦̮̟̞̼̖̺͕͔͔̠̜̭̫̳͕͎͕̼̟̻̞̲͔͓̦̳͍̘̪̜̟̠͔̻̜͍̞͍͉̞͍̣͍̳̭̫̞̮̖̝̰̖͍̫̲͇͚̫̗͍̬̻̠̥̺̩̜̯͙͙̯̲̭̰͍̦̱͔̹̰̪̼̱̲̳̱̻̗̳̞̤͍͔͉̞̼̳͇͔̘͎͈̱̥̖̘̮̯͕̗͉̞̫̫͇̝̞̭̹̰͈̗̯̳̳̦͔̱̠̼̗̫̟̬̻̲͖̰͎̻̼̲̭̼̲͚̖͙̞̹̣͈̪̮̻͚̰̯̜̦̞̙̱̲̩̞̦͎̲̫̫̜̲͔̳̗̮̹̥̞͖̥̻̬͍̱̫͉̙̻̮̲͓̖̼̟͈̠̖͙͕̮̰̫̝̟͍͙̳̟̥̼̥̪͙̯̜̙̼̗͉͇̬͉̰̯͍̹̬̖̬͚̯͕̝̤̘͕͓̞̯̥̱͙̘͙̗̯̘̘͕̹̬͉̯̭̜̭̞͓̤͔̪͎͓̦͙͙̹̟̙̣̻̭̤̫̤̥̩̦̻͉̳͇̥̳̻͎̩̮͍̘͉͉̱͍̻̣͇̱̗̬͚̺̦̣̥̭̪͙̳͇̝̫̬͍̖͉͖͔͚̖̦̩̣̱̞̣̩̳̼̫͉̩͎̹͕͖͎͔̥̙̹̼̭̖̫̬̹̯̠̳͇̹̪̥̯̼̟͈͖͍̗̯͔̦̹̺̗͇̮̤̫͕̘̲̰̹̲͖̟̮̟̤̟̳̹̰̝̩͉̝̜̗̮̻̺͍̺̳̬͔̞̪͎̜̬͓̝͉̘̳̠̭͕̩̦̟̖͇̦̳̝̝͕̱̠̬̮̟̮̯͉̠̣̫̯͇̪̙̥̭͔̫̬͍̺̼̖̫̘̦̣̫̯͍͉̤͈̘̩̙̜̻̗̜̰̻͚̖͓̟̠̪̺̟̘̳̜̹̭̤̥̫̬̬͈̝̣͖̗͖̘̫̟̝̩̯͇͓͙̬̤͙̞͖̘̲̝͈͚͉̰̟̘̹̭̙͓̗͎͚̠̮̝͕̼̖̟̱̳̖̺̟̪̭͇͚̞͖̘̬͖̻̬̻̝̫̳̭̲̙̥̺̖̯̰̥͍̩̩̯̲̣̻̞͚̥̞̣̮̹͇͓̩̙͉̗̙̜͎̬͉̩̩̻̗͔̮͕͔̳͙͍͔̹̠̝̹̫͈̥̫̖̱͓͚̥̳͇̖̯̣̠̯̟̹͚͉͕͕͎̦̖̤̯͈͚̙͖̲̩̩͍͙͓̜̥̖͙̰̙̗͖̯̱̭͎͍̻̭̱̝̩̬̳̫͖͈͖̖̖͙̩̜̥͕̙̤̥̙̞̰͉̩͙͓̹̪̤̖̪͎̘̤̰̥̩̮̥̞̠͖͙͕̥̥̤̖̟͔̬̼̰͚̫̱̜̦͖̝͉̻̦̳̳̜̯̳̝̗̗̙̣͓̜̺͍̹̦̰̬̙̣̣̻̯̗̤͎̦̺̤̲̣͉͈̗̺̞̠͉͇̝̗̠̠̣̭͓͍̼̠̖͎̞̹̼͇͕̖̭̖͉̖̘̝̺͈̺̪͙̥̜̗̜̱̰̗͍͖̥͍̲̜̹̟̱̯̱̟̳̮̙̻͔͕͚͈͒̈́̈́͊͐͗̈́̌̀̒̅̑͒̅̃̒͒̍̓̐͗̂̋͊̀̄͂͊̀̆́̊͋̒̓́͌͆̅̏͑ͩ̌͒̏͐̋̾̆͐̆̇̇̊̅̋͂̅̊̎͊̐̊̑̓͑̑͐͋̀͊̽̀̆̃̃̽̿̎̉͂̆̿͊̏̈́͐̾̇͒̍̒͒̀̓͆͑̽̍͑̿͛̆̌̆̽͊̓̉̾͑͌̈́̆̄͆́̀̂̃̔͗̽̈͒̎͒̓͆̋̏̈́͗͊͛͗̈̽̆́̂̀͐̾̒̾̒̂̑̎̈́̓̈̑̿̓̈́͑̎͒̾̓̇̑̏͒̀͂̆̽̈́̋́̎̆͂͋̒͛̓͗̏͛ͤ͌̿͌̍̅̀̊̇͗̉͑̈̂́̀̃̈́̋̄̇̆͌͋͆͛̒̀̽͌͒̃̔̉̈́͑̏̌̂͆͛̃͐͛̊͊̌͂̔̾̿͋͂͑̈́̊͊̅̈́̌̒̄̔̅̆̑̌͛̌̎͒̅̍̈́̈́͒̉̈́̓̒̅̉̈́͛̈́̂͋͂̏̓͆̽̎̌̓̑̂͆̀͑̀̒̆̈̒͗̆̎̊̒̀̓̑̍̀̀̀̊̉̏̄̌͐̋̌́͐͗̃̎̓̀̈́̾͂̂̏̓͒̔͗̅̌͊̃̈́̿̈́́̌̃̿́̂̒̍̂͒̃̔͗͗̀̀̽̌̏̋̊̃͆̄͂́̓̑̀͛̐̊̿̐̅̏̉̎͐̎̑̾̆̐̉̉̎͐̏͗̔͗̐͆̄̑̊͋̃́̀̃́̒́͂́͋͊̉͗̿̂̃̐̅̑̿̓͗̀̈́̇̎̔̀̈́̀ͩ̆̃́̂̀̃͗̈́̂̑̋̐͑͊͒͂̍̌̌͆̏̓͆̂̊̒̓̑̈̈́̔̍͆̀̽̀̀̀̆͒̾͑̐̈́̒́̔̾̑̋̏̽͛̅͒̄̑̊̾͑̈́̎͆̈̃͒͗̌͆̅̊̐̄̏̂̓̄̈́̍̊͗͑̑̓̓̐̀́́͗͊̎̉͛̄̆̓̽̾̌̎̌̄̀̀̋̾̓̑̎͐̑͑̇̏̌̈́̇́̈́̓͊͌̈͛͐͑̓̀̀̽͑͆̋͋̀̌́͐͒̈̑͛̋̃̅̈́̈́̄̇̄̈́͊͑̑͆̆̿̑̈́ͮ͋̏̉̂̃͂̊̇͌͂̏͗̒̉͆̾͗̀̓́̂̆̐̀̽̽̃̆̈́̓̓̽̉̏̏̊̆̀͊̾͛́̓͑͋͊͊̓͗͋̽̿͐ͦ̅̀̑̇͂̇̋̽̂̄͌̓͋̓͒̂̎̓̑̀̄̋̀̈́̐̽̔́̈́̀͑̔̃̓̅̎̽̎̄̀̐̀̎̋̐́͌̇̄̄̒̆̆̏̈́͛̎̀̄̇͂̏̆̐͊̒̓͗̐͗͗̀́̔͒͑͌͐͂̋͛̓̅̋̂͂͐̀̏̔̀̅̾̿̋͗́̈́̎̃͋̂ͨ̌̉̊̍͂̀̈́͌́̿̒̌́͂̉́̓́́̐͆̅̈́̂̓̎̓̈̈́́͗̉̆̍̊͗̐̌͐̾̂̒̔͗̃̃̎̀͗̈́̎̽̆̾̈́̋͊̉̏̄̋̈́̈̏̇̉̐͒͋̎̂̅͂́̋̂̈̊̅̄̒͌̽̈́͛̋́̑́͌͋̈́̾̃̑̆̌̅̔̀̍̇́͂̓̀́̍̇́ͦ̐̑͋͑̄̏̏͊̒͗͑͑̆̌̅̽̅̎́̌̌̊̂͐̒̅̆͐͐̎͌̀̿̈́̎̅̂̐̿̔͐̈́́͂̄͌̃́̓͛̎̌̂̄͛̌̄̐͐̌́̂̃͐̌͊̊̅̇̈́͌̑̀̓͑̔̅͌͂͒̉̐̄̊̑̈́͊͛̊͆̃̏͐̔̃̏͂̉̑̈̂̎́͂̎͐̈́̊̀̋̋̓̒̉̑̇̔̋͆͛̓̈̅̿̒͌͂̓̍̓̀̎̾̏̂̇̋̿͋̂̒̄̈̈́̋̾͛̍̄̐̊͗͂͛̽̑͛̎̍͑̎̀̓͐̂̓͌̆̋̀́́͐̓̔͌̍̈́̏̔̃̉́͊̓͂̔̌͊̉̊̂̑̉̀͑̎͑́̒́̆͋̇̽̂͆̐̓̆͘̚͘̚̕̚̚͘͘͘̕̚͘͘̕̕̚͘̕̚̕͘͘̚̕̕͘̚͘̚͘͘̕͘͘̕̕̕̚̕̕̕̚̕͘͘̕͘̚̚͘͘̕̕͘̚͘͘̕̕̕͘͘͘̚͘͘͘̕̚͘̚͘̕͘͘̕̕̚̚͘͘͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅÍ̶̷̷̵̷̶̷̷̢̢̧̨̢̢̡̧̡̡̡̨̢̨̢̧̨̡̧̡̡̧̡̨̧̡̢̡̨̨̡̢̡̨̢̡̡̧̧̧̧̢̨̨̧̢̨̡̢̨̢̡̢̡̢̧̧̨̢̧̨̢̧̡̡̧̧̡̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̙̠̩͔̫̟̣̬̜̻̜̰̙͔͙͖̼͓̲̘̙̹͓͉͔͈̦̥͔̫͓͚͚̰̦̯̹͚̘̜̰̹̰͙̞̹̠͖̘͉͙̯͉͚̹̘͉̯͉͓̯͈͇̫̣̖̟̮̹̳͇͈̯̻̮͙̳̳͓̭̩̙͍͙͙̝̘͓̪͙͙̹͉̙͚̪̭̟͔̳̲̲͕̣͖̜͈͙̬̘̱̥̫̼͙̖̬͔͈̪̤̩͇͇̼̭͓͍͍̤̺͖̜̗͓̤̩̮̺̦̝̳̼̠̹̺̝̥͖̭͉̳̞̼̺̮̯͉̹̳̪͔̰̣̙̦͉̝̺̞̬̭̰̳̩̘̭̖̣͔̞̝͍̪̫͕̫͇̣̖͙̩̥͎̞̩͖̣̼͓̱͎̖͉͖̫͇̜̣͎͚̼̱̫͇̩̜̖̟̤̹͕̣̣͓̥̰̺̟̟̰̫̗͈̼̲̲̫͙̞̭̟̣̱͚̦͖̗͚͙̝͚̠͚͉͉̜͖̟̤̗̰͙͎̩̤̠̹̖͙̘̦̤̬̳͕̱͚̖͙͉̥͙͖̠̪͚̞͕͇͕̘̪̮̭̥̞͉̳̤͍̩̩̠͕̭͍̞̦̞̳̙͚̖̯̦̱̠̼̦̻̥̣̤͈̠̮̙̺̟̫͖͙̗̪͈̩̼̦̝̘̟̘̩͕̙̞͉̲̗̦͔͚̥̞͙͈̲͈̙̙̟̬͓̮̖̩̣̦͍͖̥͔͇͉̟̹̰͉̻̫̰̗͖͈͚̤̝̗̗̤̰̖̠̭̳̭̲̳͉̜̱̙͉̣̟̟̹̳̲̠̺͔̪̰̜͔͙͕̦̬̩̣̝̜͍̬̭̠̩̫̯̲̞̲̣͚̪̻͎̤̖͍͚̦̭̬͔̲̩͈̫͔͈̠̯͚͕̤̦̤̩͍̱̩͔͉̝̩͖̹̱̖̩̬̼̪̳͔͙̱̤͎͉͖̬̻͙̣̗̟̲̜̦͔͍͚̟̲̹͔̖̟̖̻͇̹̙̬̖̟̱͕̰̭͈͈̜̞͎̹͇͕͔̜̰̻͈̭̱̘̠͙̲̝̯̼̤̯̝̤͉͖͚̪̣̱̤̗̹͚͇͔͎̣̯͓͙̘̻̗̲̱̫̙̺̞̮̜͔̯̱͓̯͍̜̱̬̟̜̯̻͙̲̱͇̙͇̞͙͔͎̫̭̥͙̠̯̫̫͖̤̞̙̝͔̙̻͓̭̻͔͖͉̼̱̳̞̙̩͙͓̦̬̹̙͎͎͎͎͉͙̜͙͓̳͙͎͍̮̦͈͓͓̟̠̰͇̹̙̮͚͕̯̱͉͍̯͍̞̜͉̘̺͇͕͔̝͔̜͍̟̮̥̫͖͍̝̥͔̣̞̪̯̪̦̬͉̹̲̯̭̦̩̪̠̯̟̥̩͎̘̼̖͎̬̖̹͇̝̠̭͎̹̻͕̗̺͇̯̺̼͎̪̣̞͖̗̝̬̳̖̺̫͎͍̤̼͔̻͍̲̖͕̭̟̮̩͚̯̝̼̫͙̻̺͙̩̱͇̮̝̘̫͔̘̤̹͉͓̜͖̥̜̼̠̯̝̗͎̩̺̠͖̲͖̘̜̘̮̳̘̤͔̫̯̳̻͚̇̂͋̈́̅̇͊̅̓̽͌ͫ͂̋̀̾̓͑̔̆̏̓͋̔̃̎̊̇̓̒͗͗̆̑̌̈́̎̋͗͒͑̓͆̊͐͐̄͗́̽͊̔͑̈́̔̄̽̍́̄́͂̆̎̆͋̋̃̿̀́̿͑̐̈́̈̆̎͊̋͒̀̉̈̐̔̂̾̎͊̒̾̉̂̎͌̀̈́̌͆̀̔́̎̅͛̈̄̿͐̇͑̀͋͒̈́̀̊̽̇̀̉̓̒̓̔̾̾̓̂̆̿͆̅̑̅̈́̓͑̏̈̌̑͊̍̑̀͌̀̆̈́̅̐̓̏̾͋̔̊̅͗̎̒͑͊͌̏͂̄̄̋̅̈́̅̇̔̈͐̽̿̐̓̇̀̌̀͑͑̒̈́̐̔̆͐͒̋̇̎̈́̂̍̊͛̏̋̓́̂̾̓̋̾̀̍̄̅̐̈́̒̓̑̍̐͆́̓̈́̏͌͒͊̅̉̂̓̂͊̒͐̑̒͂̏͋͒̄̍̇̀̆ͧ͂͌͌̑͌͂͛̎̒̑͊̽̑̒͒̈́̉̈͛̉̉͐̎́̍̐̐͆̾̈́̀͌̎̄̊̏̊͊́̃̐͗̔̓̔͗͛̓́͗̃̈́͂̀͑͑̉͐̀̒̀͗̄̍͑̀͆̎͑̌́̽͋̽̈̔̍̑͒̆̓͗̀̈̌͗̇̔̋́̒̒̈̿̈́̌̇̒̌̋̈̂̋̌̾͂̎̈̊͂̾̅̋̍̐͑́̓̅̓̏͆͆̔̓̊̀͒̀̄̈͋͌̿̆̔̀͊͐͆̊̾́̾͋̈́̎͌̔̑͑̂̃̂͒̅̉͗͛͊̂̄̏̽̾̔̎̂̿̂̀̀͂̔̀̃̉͆̇̄̃͂ͫ͌̑̎̌̒͂͆̆͛̓͊̍͐̋͐̃̊̀͆̈́͐͂̒̈̃̽̓͑̀͛̿̈́̈́̀̅͐͋͋̌͆͆̋̀̿̅̈́͌̓̐̓̾̆̏̓̉̇͐̆̎̀̓͐̎̍̅̅́̍̋͛͋̋͛̆̂͌͋̑̈́̅̅̆̑͑̌̌̓̀̌̈̅͂̃̈́̑͐̅̇͊̓̇́̄̈́̐̎̆͐̈́͛͆̄̀̏̄̃͛̈́̄͊̅̓̀̈́̐͌͒̊̆̓͌̿̿̄̎̂́͌̓̅̏̍̈́̎̉͑͆̌̉̂̔̎͑̈́͆̇̿̍̐͐̈́͂̃̑̈́́̒͗͂͐̂̾͆͊̐̇̐͐́̈̊̓̆͆͒͒͊̑́̊͌̅̂͊̿̂̽̎̃̓͑̐̐͒͛̋̅̓̈́̊̿͆͛̿́̓̍͐̋̾͐̓͑̅̈́͋̔̔̏́̈́̒ͬ̏͑̊̒͑̔͒́̎̅͑̏̆̓̂͗̈̂̂͊̏̄̈̇̔̂̽̇͐͆͒͆̎̓͗̆̊̾͗̾̋̓̆͐̿̈́̍̊̏͌̀̋̍͐̑̈́̉̒͐̄̄͋̈̃̈́̒̍̅̒̾̿̓̓̑̀͌̎̽͗̓͑͑̀͗͐̊͆̇̆̾͌̾̊̽̂̎̐̈́͗̔̌̆͌̀̾̆̌͛͋͛̑͗̎̉͛̏̊̉̓̅̾͂͌͂̈́̀̑̆̈́̀̓̈́̽̀̓͂̎̽͆͌̇̀̓̌̈́̃̍͛̈́͐̃̈́̀̌̄̎̓̓́̆́̀̍͆̽͛̊ͪ̏̍̒̌͊̐̈́̒̈́̈́̀̑̏̌͑̐̏̿̍̃̄̄̿̔́̂̈́̈́̒̐͒̈̔͊̓̎̄̀̓̉̓͊̍͊́͑͌̿̆̈́̈́͋̊͑̽͊̈́͐̊́̌̽̏͒̋̀́͛͊͂̇̑̽̍́͂͒̄͛͛̀͑̋̂̆͆̅̅̅̆̔͗͂͆̈́͒͋̈̎̇́̐̑͑̊̄͌ͣ̾̅̓̌́͗̾̋̌͋͐̐͌͑̈͐͑̅̋̉̒̍̊̑̉̎̃͑̈̆̂͌̔͊͂̿̓̆̀͗̀͊̒̽̌͒͑̿́̔̃́̎͂̓̑̊̀͌͒͆͌̅͐̓̑̀̉́̐̀̊̆̄͆̀̐͆̀̑̏̊̄̽́̌̂̅͌̉̇͂̔͐͆́́̓̃̋͊̓̽̾̀̆̓̎̌̽͛͌̀̀̾̃̍͋͛̒̀̓̓̌͌̅̅̐̍̉̅̏̋̌̎́͊͊̎̍̀̏͗̔̊̃̔̓̀̽͑͊̋̍͋̑͒̒̓͋̾͋̐̄͗̽̄ͤ̍̑͋́̃̔̉̒̒͑̓͆͒͆̋̍̍͌̉̂͊̿͂̓̊͋̔̓͋̎̔̄̿̾͂̈́̄̊͌́́̔͑̿͂͌̎̊͆͋͑̄̇̓̑̍͆̑́̀̍̃̃̄̈́̈́̒̉͛̃̅͊̋͌̑̿̈́̌̈́͌̈́͒̿̾̌̈́͐̒̅͆͂̀̋͑̐̅́̊̽̋͊͌̇̐͘͘̚̕̕̕̕͘͘̕̕̕̚͘͘̚̚̕͘̕̚̚̕̚͘͘̚̚̚͘̕̚̚̚̕͘̕͘̕̕͘̚̕̚̚̕̕̕͘̚͘̚̕͘̚̕͘͘̕̕̚̚̚͘͘͘͘̕̚̕͘͘̕̕̚̚̕̚̚̚͘͘͘͘̚̚͘͘͘̚̚̕̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅŢ̵̴̸̵̢̢̨̨̡̧̢̡̡̢̢̨̢̡̢̧̢̡̧̡̢̢̢̧̡̧̧̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͍͖͕̯̺̳̗͓̥̲̫̣͈͉̯̗̖̞̥͕̼̫̱̺̝͔̯͍͔̳̜͉̙̻͖̲̲͕̩̻͉͖̦̠̲̬̹̪̖̱̙͎̠̥̬̞̳̣̥̰̣̻̩͙̮̰͇̘̹͚͕̥̖̻̟͇̜̖̱̬̞̹̯̻͕͚̬̬̗̬͉̺̬̱͚͚̮͇̭̣̩̯̳̮̙̰̼̗̖̗̱̞͎̱̲͈̞̲͕̪͓̺̗̳̯̜̮̱̠͔̦̪͍̥̘͔̠̪͙̤̬̜̰̱̥͇̤̹̘̹̤̟̖͚̟͇̭̙̹̭͕͎̝̫̗͈̪͎̱̝̭̪̫̙̤̝̘̞̯͇̣̠̼͈̱̤͓̠̥̼̠̞̣͔̘̦̰̱̝̪͎̩͈͓̹͇̹͈̙̟̮̯͍̪͓͇̹̰̖̹̱͙̻̱̰̩͚̭̞͖̪̹͙̫̦̼̙̗͚̺͓̱̙̘̩̩͚͙͙͚̜̲̪̯̟͉̠̖̮̘̹̦͓̬̱̗̗̝̞̙̺̦̜̫͎̟̙͖̬̦̜͍͆͂̔̈́͋̎̇̎̊̎̀̈́̉͌͋̿̌̓͛̎̈͋̉̋͐͒̿͊̐̿̊͒͐͒̏̓̿̀͊̌̓́̀̂̇̀́̆̐̈́́͆̈́͐͑̑̌́͌̇͗͋͌̽̊̏͐͋̌́̉͐̌̌̈̃͛̈́͌́̐̓͌̀̅̇̾͂̊̒̄̉̊̂̓́̀̉͛̌͂́̌̀̄̌͑͌̄̒̔̽̀̾͐͒̏̽̓̈̐̋̐̈͊͋̀̉̽̽̀̇̈̐͂̽́́̑͐̏͆͌́́̒͊͐͊̉̾̎̓̈́̿̓͌̓̈́͛̾͌̀̎̔͐̑͗̓́̆̓̒̽ͫ͂̿͋̇̊͌̆͆͂̒̃̀̍͛̾̐͊̔̎̌́͛̒̐̒̅͌͊̐̆ͯ̉̒̃͋̓̔̇̽̈́͋̍͑̀̒̽̇̃̅̒̽̒̔̉͗͌͋̈͋̾̈̄̃̓̑͆̈́̃̈̒̽̌͆͑͛̈́̒̽̾̃̂̎͛̿̆̒̿̀̈́̈́͂͌́͒̒͐̄̿̐́͐̃̊͌̔̀̃̏̍̍̀̀͐̾̌̀̎̎̍̍͗̔̓̃͑̅̿͋͗̊̿͂̀́͒̑͛̉́̿̍͐͑̈́̾̈̎̈́̍̋̍̊̆̐̂̔̅͐́̈́͐͂̀̈͛͒̀̄͋̓͒͋̒͆̐̿̎̓̐̅̽̈́̋͑̒͆͊͐̔̓̇̅́̄̃̑́̓͑̉̅̐̅̾̇̃̑̌̊̅̿͌̈́̋̒̋̆̾̍̀̄̀͗̓̋̈́̽̎͂̈́͌̑̒́͐̈́́͗͑̅̉̂̄̈́̋̆̀͒̊̑́̉ͨ̎̅̈́̉̑͊͊̓̀̂͐̅̿̎̌̈́͑̓̂̽̿͌̓̔̋͒͂̀̊͊͌̓̏̆͋̿̃́̇̀͂̍̎̿̌̈̂́̉̾̀͑̋͊̀̒̔͆͑͌̍̂̾͒́̿̋̽̋́̒͆̏͒̿͆̈́̀̈́̋̉͒̐̏̔̊͒̋̎́́͂͒̈́̽͌͋̈̈́̆̇͆̀͌̈̓̒̊͊͐͌̑͒̂͋͛̌͑͂͋̐̀͊̋̿́̀̇̅̈͐̉̆̑͊̄̊̆͂̆̆͐̀̾̍̆̂̍͆͐̿͋̊̈́̿̒̿̋̇̃̌̂̍̅̑̿͛̇̈͌̏̀̌̂͛͗̈͛̉̓̏̄̀̆͛̍̿̄̓͑͋̂̃̓̌̌͋̈́̀̔̌̎͑̿̃̈́̎̊̾̏̊̃̋̀̉̒͂͛̓̃̉͂͊̀̈́̕̕̚̕̚̚̚̕̕͘̕̚͘̕͘͘̕̚̚̚̚̚̕̕̚͘͘͘̚̕̕͘̕̚͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͝͝͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅC̸̵̵̸̷̢̡̢̨̢̨̧̨̢̨̧̡̧̢̧̨̧̡̢̢̢̨̡̢̧̨̢̧̧̨̧̧̡̢̨̨̡̧̨̢̢̨̡̧̡̧̧̢̧̢̢̢̨̨̢̨̢̨̡̧̢̡̧̡̨̡̧̢̧̢̧̢̢̢̨̢̢̡̨̨̡̢̧̧̧̢̡̢̧̡̢̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͍͔̦̰̘͕̙͕͕͇̼̜̳̩̗͉͙̲̳̜̣̦̪͍̼̫̞̘̺̜̟̤͍͇͇̼̦̖̠̺̺̫̼̟̤̮͚̯̮̞̮̮̼͇̻͖̩̺̫̯̙̫̤͎̲̪̭̤͖̝̯̙͙͕̯͎̱̜̳̦̫̫̱̭͓͕̬̣̹͍̖̖͉͓͓̭̲̖̖̯̯͕͈̻̥̜̱̙̞̱̩̦̳͍̻̙̦̫̖͓̬̲͉͇̠̘̝͎̩̮͓̩̬̫̰̜͎̦̹͕̲̺͎̺͕̮̺̜̻͍̗̠̟̘̟͔͔͖̭͈̪͙̪̬̭̩̣̳͈̥͔̜̭͈̰͈͍̳̩͓̗̬̝̜̬̖̩̦̗͔̝̻͈̩̞̮͕̝͔̰͚͉̩̝̗̥̻̪͍̟̬̪̭͍̥͖̟̘̟͍͙͚̦̙̙̺̯̪̪͎̫̭͎͍̯̳̗̯͉̻͙͚̩̬̝̪̩̻̬̱̖̯̟̙̮̥͓̱͍̹̪̜̺̳̜̭̭̯͉͚̮̰̳̤̮͎̮͍̮̲͇̖͚̩͓͔̠̥̟̟̠͚̣̗̲͎̺͖̙͎͕͔͇̫̮̭̝̼̬͔̤͇̟̼̮͖̟̦̖̻̥̺̪̰͚͖̲͉͖͎̹̰̝̞̝͕̪̮̞͉̩̪̗̠̬̘̘̭̺͍̙͎̟̟͇̼̞͍̭̝͎̜̤̫͎̼̞̖̥͖͔̱͚̭̜͇̺͉̥̰̠̩̯̫̘͙̪̫͙̯͈͕͔̯͙̼͔̜͉͍̹̤͖͚̯̖̙͔̞͖̪̖̱̫̰̭̤͈̰̲̠̜͇̺̳͍̼͚͚͉̱̰̞̭̻̭͓͎̗̲̣̯̗̪̪͔̰̩͕̯͎͕͍̦̝̳̩̖͉̭̮̩̘̫̘̮̘͚͈͈͈̻͉̳̘͕̖̼̜̻̪͖̟̤̻̗͎̫̪̙͇͙̫͖̜̳̬̲̤̣͍̺̩̞̺͚̦̪̺̘̺̣͍͈͍̝͓͕̬̫̥̗̥̙͚̞͙̰͚̣̞̬̝͔̠͕͖̭̝͖͇̞͙̩͚̱̭̥̦̞̲̞̫̭͇͔̘͓̺̗̟̤͈̙̬̙͓̮̦̜̹͕͍̻̩̺̯̜̯͖̞̞̜̳̣̥͇̭̗̳̤̲̙͍͖̞̱̙̖͉̭̙͖̮̯̺̩̰͍̞͚͙̰̪̠͔̭͚͓̱͔̖͍͎̺̥̼̮͙̥͕͍̳͎̠̪͖͓͎͕̯̰̥͖͈̹͙̹̥͔̲̝̺̠̫̣̠̥͇̤͖̣͍̺͈̹̠͈̙̰̬̪̹̱͖̭͈̖͈̲̳͓̖͈̱͕͔̱̙͔̪͙̜͎̩̣̰͚̻̟͇̺̝̳̦̞͉̻͔͉̠̜̣͇̬͔̟̰̹̯̹̠͙͍̪̫͙͎͇̙̦̘̝̠̦̜͇̭͉̭̺͚͉̟̼̱̠̫̮̹̻͔̳͙̪̝̘̦̤̺̪͕̟̜̣̤̳̞̪̜̰͇͚̥͙̗̳͑̐̀͒̽̽̈́̈́̈̇̾̀̉͗̅̏́̾̾̌ͧ͑̅͆̌̇̔̾͋͛̈́̈́̊̃̈́̾͗͆͗̒͋͑̎̽͒̓̋̽̌͊͒̈̀̂͋͋̌̊̈̏̇̊̍̐̐̋͐͐̌̋̓̓̈́͋̇̿̓̈͂̄̉̿̊͑͂̓͊͗̍̏̓̀̽̄̓̂̈́̎͐̄͛͌̅́͊͊̄́̃̑̅͗͐͐̆́̋̀̈́̓̑͛͆͐̈͐̑̈̒͊̇̀̊͂̍̆̐͌̅̈́͆̔͌̏͆̇̅͒̉̒͊͑̈̃̄̌ͨ̃̇̌̃̋͗̄̋̿́̄́̏͊͆̾̆̑͑̈̓͌͐̈́̎͂͌̓̀̐̒̌̃̀̈́͗̊̀͛̎͛̏̍̽́͂̿̎͛͌͒͐̈́̀͗͆̽͐́́̋͌̃͋̒̂͆̈́̍̃͊̑̓͑̍̈́͐̊͗̍̾̉̍̊͂̓̋̓̋̇̎̇͐̍̊̊̾͛̈́̂̐̊̈́̋̿͌̍̀̑̔͊̊͆̍̔̒́͗͑́́͐͆͐͐͑̄͐̑̋̀̉̀̄̾͋̍̌́̽ͪ͗̍͋̉̿̾͆͂̃͋̈́͋̆̆ͧ̃̎̓̿͆͑͂̅͒̋̏̀͐̅͗̀̓͛́͂͐̀̒́̀̿͐̇̿͑̑͒̆̔̃͋͒̈́̿̐̓͋̒͊͛̇͂̂͒͛̇́̊͋̀̅̾͑͒̈́̈́͊̌̂̑̈́̇̊͋̉̽̓̌̃͑̔̈́́̔͊̇͌̍̈́̾͊̐̃̀͌̅̋͐̈̎͌̄̇́̅͆͗́͌̃͐̑̀̈̐̍͊͑̐͊̂̑̊̍͛͑͌̄̿͑̅͛͆̂͂̈́́̈́̀̋̈̂̈́͊͐̌̾̈́͂͊̈̈̆̈̐͂̓̽̈̆̑͛̐̄́̇͋͛̎̏̂̔́͋̄̈́̃́̽̌́̚̕̚͘͘̕͘̕̕͘͘̕͘͘̚͘̚̚̕̚̚̕͘̕̚͘͘̕̕̚̕̕͘̚͘̕͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅH̵̶̵̶̨̨̢̢̧̡̢̢̡̢̢̧̡̡̨̢̧̡̨̧̢̨̡̧̡̨̨̢̡̨̧̡̨̧̢̡̧̨̢̢̨̢̢̡̢̧̧̨̢̧̢̡̢̨̢̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̞͇̮͉̜̗͖̠̱̩̲̻̹̘̝͍̣͕̙͓̳͓̲̥̼͔͖̫̟͙̜͇͔̼̻͉͕͓̯͎̭̦̱̬̙̻͉̲͙̫͕̺̱͖̠̩̯̫̙̳͚̠̜̜̻̫̺͓͙͚̱̼̣͖͕̫̩̮͇͖̪͈͔̜͙̗̼͇͎͉͈̮̙͔̱̰̖̖̙͍͇̙̳̥͕̝̞͈͉̰̭͓̼͚͎͉͔̟̭̮͖͚͙̦̼̟͓̤̜̘̩͓̙̮̞͈̬̪͈̰̺̦̮̲̯̟̠͈͓̖̬̜̯͙͕̯̱̪̞͔̤̗͉̻͓͚̦͉͎̰̮̯̝͉̙̫̲̜̪̬̣̠̙̱̳͇̬̖̫͖̣̼͖̘͈͔̤̙̼̝̙̫̬̙͚̜̙̳̰̰̩̖̬͎̳̲̮̹̙̠͉̣͙̬͇͔͙̗͓̮̹͚͍̱̝̭̫͕͔̱̗̪͈̟̦̠̪͖̺̼̱̪͉͚͎͇̩͇̦͓̰̰͕̝̺͖͖̟̤̜̱̪̝͙̥͙͚̻͙͎̮̼̟̳̤̬̯̦̣̺̜̤̠̠̬̣̝͕̝͔̘̞̖̣̝̝̜͓̣̖̝͔̮̦̪͓̰̗̘͕͉̼̮̠̯̤̣̦̜̪͓̘̭͙͉͍͖͚̠͍̭͖̺̖͎͙̣̟̩̩͚̗̠̹͚͍̖̭̮̘̰̭͓̦͔̦̯̤̯͖̘̰͎̘̩͚͔͈͖̮̪̻̩̪͎͚͖̹̖͖̻̫͕̝̝̹̱̦̰͎̗͈̻̭̰̪͕̤͖̼̦̰̦̠̰̜͖̳̝̙̣̦͍͍̺̝̜̼̙̟̲͓̤̲̞͉̝͚̠̱͍̤̟̣̬͖̭͇̜͓̥̹̪̜́́̀̉̽̑̆͑̈̇̇́͛͐̓̑͋́̍̄͊̆̄̐̋́̅̐̈́̀̊̌̎̈́̔̄̇̾̾̒͐̾̇̎̌͌̅͋̌̆͆̓̇̉͌́̒́̅̾̍́͊̅̐̀̇̈́͒̋̿͛̊̅̃̽͂̒́̑͂̑̈́́̄̾͊̇̌̓͐̀̿͂̉̊̅̓̑̉̊͊̾̌͋̿̓̊̇̌͌̓̊̓͐̑̅́͒̅̋̑͋̉̀̔͊͐̽̍̐̅̿͆͂̽̔̀́̾̌̋̉͒͛̒͊̉́͑͑̀̀̆̓̋̎̓̏͑͐̾̍̽̂̐̒̓͐̆̄̅̅͋́͛̓͌̈́͌̀̈́̄͋̔̎͛̓̇̐̊̀̂̐͊͆̈́ͨ̔͆͌̑̓̌̏̈́̒̇͐̏̐̓̏̈́̋̇̆͋̇̇́̆̊́̿̾͐̇͗́̽̒̎̏̂̀͆͛͑̿̎̃͛̀̃̃̿̎̽̌̎̒̀̇̾̈́̅́̌̃̈́̍͑̓̈́̎̎͋̽̐̃̍͛̔̈́̀̐̂̇͌̋̆̅͑̀́̑͑̇̓̈͆̇̅́̊̏̐̆͑͗͊̓́͛̽̓͊͋̽͋̿̾̌̊̈́͌̉̅͌́̀͑͐͗͆͂̀͛̇̋̑̌̽̽͐̒̋̏͛̀̑̀͌̾́͒̿͂̐͐̇̓͌͌͑̓̈̅̃̔́͛̄̎͗̔̈́̑͗͆̉̈́̔͐̏͗̉̌̔̌̍́̈́̀̋̌͐̈́̒̓̾̂̉͂̀̓̈́̓́̓̊̐̀̂́̈́̊͋̀̾̅̈́̀̄̈̑̋̍͊̀͆̏̿͒̂͑̓̋̾̈́̾̈́̈̀͗̈́̈́̇̓̈́̇̈̀̌̍̽̊̏̐ͬ̅̓̿͌͆̔̾́̽̆̄̔̀̒̈́̓̓̿͒͒̓̽̒̑̊͐̏͒͛̆̌̔́̀̐̌͗̇̃̉̇̅̈́̆̇̔̏͛̓̅̉̍̾̂̈̾̓͗̽̑̏͛̆̿̔͑͋́̋̊́̊̊̎̍̇̋̄̇̀̓̍̔̍̿͆̎̉̎͋̒̑́͋͐ͬ͊̓̿̈́̏̈̒̒͛͌̋̒̐̏̄̄͌͛̆͂̎̊̂̑̂̓̈́́́̂̀͂̈́̀̐̾̑̓̀͒͗́͗͒̊̄͊̃̀͋̌̊͐̈̄̈̋͋̓̀̉̈́̂̏̾̄̊̒̓́̊̾͗͛͗̈͂̈́̀̓̃͊̎͊́̈́̓͋͐̄͆͒̈́̋̎̄̈́̀͊̄͋̍̒͆͆́̅͋̀͂̀̒͆͛͋̈́̍͛̏̿̔͆̌̚͘̚͘̚̚͘͘̚͘̚̚̕̕̕̚͘̕̕̚͘̚̕͘̕̕̕̚̚͘͘͘̚͘̚͘̚̕͘̚͘͘̚̕̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅI̷̶̷̸̸̴̴̧̡̡̡̡̨̢̧̡̧̧̧̡̡̢̧̨̢̧̢̡̧̧̨̧̡̡̢̨̨̨̢̧̢̨̨̡̨̧̢̡̧̢̢̡̧̧̡̢̢̢̢̨̧̢̢̧̧̡̢̧̢̡̨̨̢̧̡̢̢̡̨̢̧̡̡̨̧̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͈̠̮̬̬̗̺̦͓͖̹̮̱̳̮̫̜̱̲̙̪̹͙͍̝̜̪̦̮̯̻̯̹͙͉̜̞͕͙͎̰͈̝̫̻̥̻̲̦̫̠͔͇̣̼̞̝̤̫̼̦͍̤͖̭̫̳̜̦̟͖̥̗̖̻̲̺̝̺̺͍͓̺͔̘̻̰̩̪̣̗̘̬̹̟͕̖̱̯͖̝͔̖͔̞̣̥̱̬͎̻̹̘͉͔̖̯̗̞̳̥̬̗͖̘͈͎͕̰̻͓͔̥̯̮̝̭͙͚̩̠̭̘̩͖̲͔̪̘̣̻̭̺̣̱͔̜̤͙̮͎͓̙͚̱̗̟͚̖̱̞̣̭̻̦͙͇̹̳͚̖̭͍̤͈̬̞̪̹̞̩͉͎͕̝̻̱͔̟̠̹͍̖̞͔̭̠͕͚̣̹̱̞̼̣̬͔̜͖̜̟̪͔̫̠͚͍̬̺̹̣͚̟͙̳͇͓̱̝̝̤̪͈̣̫̟̦̹͈͕͎̬̯̰̹̗̟̹̣͍̥̘̯͖̳̗̬̭̬̝̠̳͕̩͔̥͓̗̘͉̖̥̭̳̥̱̮̬̦̳͕̩͈̭͔͓̥̙̠͓̤̜̙͕̦̩̙͉̱̱̹͎͈͍̰̼̪̞̭͍͕̺͉̺̳͓͈̻̭̬͖̙͙̯͕̻̘̘͔̪͔͉̰̭̦͖͖̬̪̻̻̱̮̟̝͉͕̯̮̬͈̺̯̼͚̦̥̘̱̳̜̜̦̯̹̗̩̥̳̯͎͚̪̲̮̝̪͕̖͉͔̟̘̦̠̝̬̹̲̠͚̹͙̺͔͉̮̪͍̼̯̫̻̺͇̤̤̖̘̦̠̻̺̥̘͚͎̜͎̝̻̣̖͉̰̟̹͈͖̩̙͓̺̠̙̱͈̞̹̪̳̬̜̦͓̰̝̩̭̜̰̰̥͚̺̰̺̤̺̲͔̙̦̱̝̦͙͔̳͍̞̰̥̱̩̞̭̖͖͉̮̺̭̼̦͇̰̪̺̭̠̭̠͙̘̥̜̺̜̟̟̪̫̤̳̗̱͉̜͖͈͔̫̟͈̙̙̖̩̭̹͉͈̙̤̥̟͈̗͖͎͓͎̣̦͈̬̦͈̺̱̫͕̝͇̭̲̯͉̯͕̹̳̳͈͎̼̦̣̱͈͍̗̠̤̠̳̤͕̟͕͖̜̮̲̻͎̞̟̦͓̞͉͇̜̙͍̫͔̤̪̪̟̖̦͓͉͖̪͖̟̜͖͇͓̲̻̖̯̖͓̬̦͔̯̜̳̜͇̖͍͓͎͔̗̣͙̞̬͇̝̫̯̻̻̱̱̮̖̤͚̻͙͔͍͉̮̲̳̪̘̳͕̱̫̰͍͖̮̻̫̩̻̜͎͈̤̫̘͔̭̩̫̰̟̪͍̹̙̦͇̺̲̟̣̱̤̳̣̲̹̪͙͙̙̙̟͔̣͖͉̼͇̯͉̤̞͎̣̼̻̩͑̀̓͐̎͐̏̈́̐̏̉̉̓̀͛̂̀̊̒̋̓͛̀̐̈́̇̆̀̂̽́̐͐́̈̔̋̍̌͒̒͋̈͌̑̈́̓̆̌̊̒͊̐͐̍̍̄̀̎̑́̿̀͌̇̀̃͌͊̏̏̅̓̈̋́̀̂̈̽̎͛̍̊̃͗̎̈́͌̀͂̅͐̎̆͌̈́͆̈́͌̈́̂̏̊̀͐̄̌̎̍͐̔͑́̄̑́̂̈́̿̎̀̈́́̒̒͂̈́̀ͥ̾̋̑̿̅͑̍͛̈́͌̒̿͒̆̾̆̏͑̋̂̋̓̂͂́̐̋̎̑͊̌̂́̈́͛͌̓͗͆̇̽̑̐̇́̑͗̄͑̐̄̇̌̇̓̇̍́́̑̌̄̒̎̈́͑̒͛͗̉̀̈́̇͂̓̐̀̇͂͋̄͌̇̏̒̀̑̒̇͆̂̇͂͂̾̃̀͒̒͒̀̑͒̌̅͌́̽̈́͆̀̿̉̒͌̆͐͑͑́̃̅̇̊̉̒̔̂̐̉̀̆̄̄͐͆͆̉̋̾̅̿͒͂͐̿́̓̐̓͛̈̀̈́̈́͒͊͊̈̿͆̇̈́̋͆̄̍̊̍̈́̿̎̈́͂͛̊̇̈́͗̇̆̉̾͑̈́̆̄̈͑̂̌̐̽̈́̑̔̓̎̽̌̔͛͊̽͒́̿̑͌͑͛̂̎̔̊͆̃̅͊͆́̈͊̾̀̈́̀̄̓ͦ̑̓̾͌̆̽͆̐͋̽̽́̐̿̔̑̍̈́̀̐̒̏͂͗͒̆͛̆́̈́̇̇͗͋̒̇̄̆̔͌̂̍̓̓̎̌̓͐͑̆̂̎̈́͒́̇͆͆͋̔̑̏̌̏̑̃́̓͐͂̐̑̅̀͋̔́̅͐͋̈́̀̑͗̃́̅̋̌̓̀̉̔̄̍̅̑̈́͐͋͗͛͋̓̐̾͌̅̈́́͋͌̓̒̔̒̔̋͛̈́̀͑̐̀̓̈̽͗͑̋͗̒̀́͛́̾́̃́̂́͛̈́̉͌̃̂̑͐͌̆̑͊͐̎̒̈̈́̎̍͑̓̐͋̇̋̈̓̒̉͌͑͊͂̍͛̃̇̈́̽͑͆̀͗̓̾̔̌̽̈̋͌͆̇̇̌̋͊͌̀̇́̀͋̇͒̓͂ͯ̎̂̒̂͒͋̍͗̀̌͋́͌͋̇̍̿̇͋͌͑̂͂̍͂̇̂̇́͆͂̽̂͌̔̀̀͌͐̓̔̋̈́̿͗̒͊̈́͊̓̾̿̔̅̆͊͗̽̋́͌ͪ̈́̓̊͑̑̏͐͋̃͛̉̅͆̓̽͊͐̀͗̈́͛̄͋͗̋̎̇͆̾̈̈́̓̉̉̒͒̓͌͋͒͒̈̍̀͊̔̊̃̋ͫ̊̊͑̈́̓͐͆̈́̀̐̆͛̆̎́͊̃̀̈́̎̿̈́̒̐͗͒̑̄͒̿̇̇͑̅͋̿̀̔͋̔͊̓̆̇͊̎̔͆̽́̏͛͗͛̅͑̈́̉̿̈́͌̑̇͋̇̒̐͐̈́͛̓̽͌̅͋́̀̎̐̊́͒̈́͗̓̌͊͂̋͑̅̋̽̇̄̅́̎̃ͯ̒̍̓͛̿̎̀͌̊̇̽͋̐̄̂̿́̌͌̎͛̒̋͂͛̑̆̈́̅͐̔̑͆͗̊͊͆̐̈̒͊̒̒͒͊́̾̉̆̽͊̎̔̂͌̅͛̈́̊̀̀͆́̍́̈́̌͛͗͌̾͌͂̈̽͛̓̿̇̍̋̎̾̃̄͊́͋́́̋̾̾͆́̀̒͑́̂͂́̉̈́̒̈̉̌̋̅̈́̇́͆͋͊͌̈̈́͆̃̽̓̀̽̊͒͒̾̆͒͂̑̀͋͛͛̆̾͊͂̀̂͌̈́̉̊̔͆̈́̾͗͆̐̾̐͛͑̆̐̐͋͌̔̿͂̂̓̋͗̔͋̕͘̚̕͘̕̚͘̚̚͘͘͘̚̕͘̕͘͘͘̚͘̚̚̕̚͘͘̕̕͘͘̚̕̕͘͘̚̚̕̚͘̕̚͘̕͘̕̚͘̕͘̕̚͘̕͘̚̚̚̕͘͘͘̕̚͘͘̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅN̶̷̷̨̡̨̧̡̧̢̢̡̨̢̢̡̡̧̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̗̼̲̯̰͍̯̦̟̙͓̯̬̘̗͈̰͇͉̮̮̺̱̮̻̖͙͎͚̬̩̙̭̣̤̯̤̦̤̙͚̯͇͎̖̮̗̲̭̝̠̳̥̰̲̖̯̹̳̠̟̞͕͇̮̞̝̱̺͓͉͕͚͉͙̺̟͉̤̠̤͍̟̱̦̮̗̘̰̺̠̣̟̼͚̱̟̘͎̞͍̟̯̳͓͍̩͈̭̠̗̝̙͍̮̖̙͕̹̺̘͕̬͎̩̲̬̭̰̬̖̞̝̰͉͉̠̰̺̤̜̠̘̙̩̼̮̻̩̘͇̦͕̯̮͎͚̖̙͙̩̥͒͂̂̉̈́͊̉̃͐̈́̔̂͗̄̀̋̿̀̾̆͂́͊̊̈́̔̓͑͒̀̾̐̈̌̑̓̋̍̉̈́́̀̉̎͛̏̀͐̿̀̃̾̒͋̉̽̈́̌̅̂̊̓͂͌̾̄̇́͐̂̈́̑̔͐́̊̏̈́͛̃̌̃̒̃̄͌̈́̋̾̉̈́͌̀̒̊ͥ̃̋̏̊̄͆͊́̓͂͒͆́̌̃̇̎̉̈́̆͌̂̋̽́̀̎̈́̌͑̈́̓̄̏̌͗̐̾̌͆̾̈́̂̾͑̆̉̔̄̏͆̌͆̃͊̃̾̑̑́͋̃̐̾̊̾̔̏͐̾̍̉̀̒̑̈́̔̾̊̏̈̑̐͊̈́͂̉̈́̍̇̽̑̓̑̀̎͑̀͛̌͑̔̇́̂̽̾̀̑͂̍̈̀̈͐̒̏̒̇̒̋́̄͐͐͆̓̉͑̃̀̀́̅͂͑̿̈́̂̄͐́́̇͂̏̔̉̅ͨ͑̈́͗͌̂̔̊̈́̄̓̾̾̃́͒̈́͑͆̌̈̑̑́̈́͗͂̈̋͑̀̓̅͆̾͊̿̈́͊́̎̉̓͑̆̅̑͊̆̈́̈̋̿̈́̑̔͐̓̅̇̈́́̾̐̀̏̈́̈́̓͒̓̿̅̊̓̇̐̏̈́͒͆̎̀̉̑̿͗̈́̄͘͘̚̚͘͘̚̕̕̚̕̕̕̚̕̚͘̕͘͘͘̚͘͘̕̕̕͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅǴ̴̸̴̶̶̷̶̵̡̨̡̢̧̧̡̢̢̡̨̧̢̡̡̡̧̧̢̡̡̨̧̨̧̨̨̨̢̡̧̢̢̨̨̡̨̡̨̨̧̢̧̨̢̨̢̧̧̧̢̨̢̨̢̧̧̡̡̧̢̧̧̨̡̨̢̢̧̧̢̨̧̢̨̧̢̨̡̧̡̡̡̧̢̡̧̢̡̡̨̧̡̡̧̨̡̨̧̧̢̧̧̨̨̢̢̨̧̡̨̢̢̨̡̨̢̨̢̢̡̧̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̖̫͕̮̞̜̲̞̥͕̖̹͎͍̩͓̳̹̗͖̝̻̹̮͖̯̟͎̦̩̞͇͈̩̯͔͎̥͔̜͓̳̘̠͚̫̱͚̩̯͓͙̮͍̥̦͉͇͇̳̺̱̬̰̝̞̪̟̼̦̝͙̠͈̞̝͔̝̺̥̼̙̩̬̺͖̩̗͚͖͇̯̺͎̯̻̰̯͚̙̝̩̱̱̻̺̼̩̭̖̭̭̭͓̖̫͎̘̞͖̱͖̬͎̝̟̹̫͚̫̼̫̦̟̠͓̰̖͍̦̼̮̲̤͉̳͚̙͈̤͈̖̦̹̮̩͙͖̩͔̦̜͍̜͇̫̪̣͔͕̖̝̱͎̹̹̠̭̯̲̗̳̝̻̰̥̠̩̯̩͙̺̝͔̞͎̗͙̲̬̥͉͇͔̜͙̝̩̖̘̝͚̭̥̖͇̞̖͓̼̻̦̗͙̲̹̩͕̺̖̲͕͍̠̯̥̙͍̰͔̗͇̪̱̦̤͙̲̣̤̤̬̯̻͖̰̹͇̳͉̱̙̺̝̗͚͙̺̻̺̟͉̣̯͎͇̥͍̗͕̯͙̗̲͙̖̹̖̳̺͇̺̟̣̤͙͖̼̤̱͕͍̹̫͍̠͎̘̫͈̠͇̲̹̟̳̱̝͙͉̹̱̪̫̲͖̰͉̫̗̖̻̠̯̦̘̮͚̘̜͖̜̼̗͔̜̭͔̻̗̣̹͇͎̻̱̞̫͎̭̼͚̜͕̩̯̺̝͖̠̞̰̣͈̫̝͚͚͖̩̥̤̞͉̙̤͖̫̼͔͉̱̝̣̰̪̝̬̻̼̙͖̤̦͚̫͈̫͖͈͔̰̠̰͓̮̯̰̻̥̻͈̤̝̱̫̮̮͕͖͍̙̳͎̱̪̘̭̤̤̘͕͖̜̣͖̮̼̗͕̥̠̪͙̼̖̻̫̩͔̲̩̤̠̤̻͍͓͈̟̱͎̹̣̤͎̜̖͍̪̺̖̣̘̼̱͖̺̣̗̩̗̯̹̫̖̤̠̜̲̤̰͇̣̗̠̪͕̠̻̠̤̩͕͖̠͇̼̖̫̦̠͇̦̦̹̺̤̞̺̩̘̺͕̗̜̥̺͇͔̼͚̫͎̪̲̰̺̫̞͖̜̱͇̥̩̫̣̹̙̥̻̠̙͙̥͔̳͎̜̰̘̻̗͍͈̥̘̗̗͈̟̖͍͕̗̺̳̺̺̣͕͓͙͉̹̱͇͚̯͎̗̫̯̲̣̳̠̣̭̤̖̼̯̝̱͎̯͇̦̯̜̰̩̜̩͖̩̹͉͕͔̦̗̬̫̭͉͓̰̗̤͖̳͍̪̱̘̳̤̼̥̱͖̺̙͍͔͎̤̟͈͍̠̜̘͕̯̺̙̜͔͖̘̲̙̣̘̱̮̭̫͙̼̹̼̠̝̬̱͈̱̜̫͈̯̺̫̱̩͉̻̺̝̞̼̭̯͔͇̩̮̩̲̣̰̝̖̫̙̥̻̟̩̤̩̫̯̥̳̭̜͔̣̥̰̩͔͕̟̙̖̜̻̙̲̺̣͙̩̫̻͙̠͉̫̫͍̻̝͚̞̻̠͕̝͍̤̗̪̣̙̥̬̲̟͖̲̹̖̼̘̞̩̻͍̘̫̳͍̼̮̣̫͙͎̭͙̦̻̥͙̞̳̰̦̰͔̥̝̥̮͎͉̝̜͈̖̫͓̱͈̗̻͈͈̼̼̺̰̟͎͚̲̝͈͎͇̜͉̠̫̝̙̤̭͈͚̫̫̥̪͎͇̹̬̤͍̻͉̱̙͚̮͎̣͚̲̘̝̹̭͉̪͎̘̭̰̪̳̪̩̥̥̳̻͙̘͔̯̠̳̯̳̼̫͕͉͇̘̜͈̞͎̞̗̫̝̼͍̠̪̱͉̟͇͕̲̹͖̘̬̬̯̞̗̩̣̥̹̖̺̤̫̥͉͕̝̞͉̠̖̜̪̖̗̺͇̹̜̰͎̖̥̺̖͈̞̫̙̩̻͓̺̺͓͓̞̫̗̤̳̲̝̼̻̰̞̦̞͙̬̙͖̭̝̪͈̠̤͙̠͉̠̙͙͖̯̦̼̰͔̖̗̖̥̘͖͉̪̞̫͖̙͍͉̮̱̗̞͖̫̩̹͓̬̗̋̿̂̂̈́́̅̀̎̓̽͆̒̈́̅͛̌̆̓̉̍̎̄̅͊͂́́͂̂̓̀͒͗̀̋͆͗̀̅̊̾̀͒̄͐̀̋͑̒͌̏̈̒͛̄́͌̑̈́͋͗͆̋̅̊͂ͦ̐̿̅͛͂͌̐̓̿̉͑̄̀̽͑͊͗̔̀͒̎̊̔́̇̊̈́́́̓͒̀͒̎̒͆̉͑̌͒̍̂͑͗͂͌͑̂̇̈́͗̆͌͐̓̊̃͆̽͒̒̔̃͐̀̀̄̐̆̈́͒̉̈́̀̈̑̾͛̿͌͆̑͒̂̀̑͊͒̍͌̊̂̾̑̋̂̑̏̓̂̑͌̋͛̄͊̐͋̓̓̂͌̀̇̓̃͋̋̈́͒̀͊̀̊̊́̌̄̋̌̓͛̐͆̀̐̒̎̽̇̂̾̄̇̅͐́̎͑͋̄̀͌̊̅͋͐͑͋́̿̓̎̿̎͋͆̈͗̔͛̏̅̒̈̏̄̍̍̔͐̔̌̈́̀̃̽ͮ̄̄̈́̅͊̍̉͛̏̌̾̾̾̽̌̏͊̂̎͐͆͌͒̃̅̿͌͐̑̽̀̓̇͐̐̽͑͊̀͐̈̏̆̔̋̄̑̌͐͑͑̄̋̓͌̿̿̇͗͛͛̍̄̌̓͆́̆̐̾̊͐͐͊͑̈͂͒̓͋̎͒̑̑̉̀̾̀̍͑͒̌͋̅̈́̈́͗̌̈́͂̈́͋̀̏͗́̔͗̑͋̎̿͌͑̿̈́͐̅̉͋͑͂̈́͛̊͋͗̽͐̑̾͌̄͊̀̓̋̀̅̄́͊̄͐̃̐̇̉̊͐́͌͆̈̎͛͑̈́͗̂̊͒͋̌̊̔̂̊̈́̄͑́̋̃͒̒͌͗̇͑̒̂̌͐̏̉́̒͊̃̉̀̒́̉̇͛̓̈̎̆̒̂ͪ̅̅͋́͋̐͆͒̾͑͒͐̍̌̐̄̄̈́͑̀͂̍̿̈́̓̓͑̐̔̍̆͛̍̌̾̅͑̇͋̏͊̈́̽̿̌̆͛̓̈̉̇͊͊͊͊̽̋͆́͌̋̓̈́̓͆̉̀̏̊̌̊̀͛̔͊͒͐̑̔͋̓̄̎̀͛̽́̂̈́͒͗͛̂́͐̆̊̉̈́̈́̅̋͂͑̀̋̆̏͐́́̽̿͒̃́̇̐̇̀̈̀͆̉̎̽̏̽̎͆̈́̈́̀̓̾̈́̃̊̃͊̍̌̍͊̈̔̾̍̀̀̎͆͋͆̄̇ͥ̽̋̍̉̆͛̅̓͗͗̾́͒̍̈́̽͋̒̄̀͂͂́̉̐͊́͌͐͋̉̌͑̽̈͑̊͛̾͐́̈͐͒͛̇̈́͋͌̒̽͌̐͒͗̽́̊́̆̇̆͂̍̎̍͒̈́͗̽͑͒ͯ͛̿̌̉̉̀̔͗̄̈͂̄͌̒̊̓̊̍́͆̄̏̅̅̋̋̌̏͆̿̃̅̄͗̍̅̿͋̽̍̐̿͋͋́̔̓̀̔̋̽̍͐̽̍̂͒͂̏́͊̎̈̽̆͑̈̋̃̇̽̌̉͊̅̃̓̅͌̌͋̀̎̈͗̀̿̑̀̾̂͌̈̃̍́̔͛̓͒̌̂̈́͂͋̇̽̅̔̉̈̈́̃̃͛͐̉̋͆̀̒̆͊ͤ̉́̽̽̔̀̈̈́̂̐̀̃͐̃̃̍̽̌̂̌͛̎́̌̊͂̀̂͌̿̈́͊̍ͥ̆̀́̑̀͊̓̾̈́̌̐͗̀̈̏́̌̀̏͆̎͋̄̊͛̑̉̔͂̃̈́̉̽̆͂̀̂͂́͒̔̈́̋͒́̏̐̑̀͛̒̉̽̆̾́͂͋̋̋̄̽̆͌̓̽̂̈͂̀̓͊̃̓͗͋̉̐͊̏͆̓̎̓͗̑̇̇̓̈́̄̓̿̋͐́̓̆̓̓̉͊̒̌̑̀̎̒̒͛̓̀̐͒͂̒͌͆́̐̈̓͌̑͛̍̆̀̎͋̈̒̋͗́̃̀̅̈́̐͐̄́́͌̈̃̀̀̌̔̔̿̀̅͘̚̕̚̚͘̕̕͘̚͘̚̕̚̚̚̚̕̕̕͘͘͘̕͘̚͘͘̕͘͘͘͘͘̕̕̕͘͘͘͘͘͘̚̚͘̚͘͘̕̚̕̕̚̕̚̕̕̕̕͘̚͘̕̕̚̕͘̕̚̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͠͠͠͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̷̶̢̧̧̡̧̧̧̨̡̡̢̨̨̧̢̢̢̨̢̡̢̢̧̧̢̡̢̡̨̨̡̢̢̢̧̨̡̡̢̡̧̧̢̡̢̢̧̢̧̡̨̨̨̡̨̨̧̡̢̢̢̧̡̧̨̧̡̧̨̢̧̡̧̡̨̢̧̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͈̬̩̯̜̰̬̯̤̦̻̗̣͔̲̣̼͎̻̦̗͖̬̯͕̠͔̗̗̦̣͕̺̬͕̻͈̪̲͕̮̬͍͔̯̬͎̲̪̟̼̮͈̜̳̺̪͉̬̰̺̥̼͙̼̯̹̯͖̼͔̦̰̝̙͙̩̥͙̞̱͙̼̜̖͈͚͙̰̗̲̳͈̜͇͙͔͕̣͕̬̲̘̪̰̪̣̟̲̖̝̪͍̜͙͉̼̺̦̟͕̭̪̲̠̮̥̱̬̮̳̺̯̟̦̣̯̳̱̫͍̜̥̭̠̭̰̩̗̱̲͍̥͍̝͎͖̫͓̱̪̜͓̠͇̲̬͖̖͈͕̱̟͙̦͚̳͖̼̭͉̖͇̘̯̰̲͓̤̣̮̝̣̖̯͓͈̻̮̖̯̳̦̣̯̯͇̯̜̣͇̯͕̦͓͔͓͇̱͔͓͚̜̣̱̰̳̣͍͇͈̞̼̪̦̭̭͖̖̻̜̼͇̤̙̱͈̤̠̭̪̠͙̟͎͈͚͖̣̗̝̱͈̲͓̖̫̱͎̬̼̟͉̙̰̜̦͕̠͖̟̪̪͔̩̣̥͚͖̤̙͖̪͖̩͕͍̥͙͇͙͎͍͇̖͚̱̝̱̦̟͈̪̝̥̩͓͉̣̬̪̲̗̪͎͇̭̟̣̠̟͎̰͇̳̖̳̞̘̺̦̠̠̞̱̞͙̤̻̳͍͉͎̗̻̹̝̙̟̫͔̗̫̞͖̟̼̹̹̭̰͉̥̠̯̘̥͔͔̳̱̖̪̹̖̣̣̼̩̱͉͍̰̪̲̜̟̫͕̗̭̭̙̺͎̖̩͖̹̺͕̜̣̼̙̰͉͕̥̹͚̦̱͎͕͔͖̞̙̼̳̻͔̯͚͍̣̼̝̥͈̝̺̝̲̘̲̠͇̖̣̖̯̬̺̯͇̱̖̗͇̮̹̙̫̜͔̙͔͓͎̖̟̱̮̺̹̲̻̜͚͔̖̪͕̬̦̖͈͓̩̬̹̪̩̥̲̭̝͓̥̺̫̦̞̗͇̤̬̲͖͎͖̼̖̠͓̲̰͓̺͖̮̯̰̞̗̻̰̺͚͇͎̲̞͇̩̞͎̗̼͔͕̯͎̥̳̖̙̫͈̟͕̳̻͔͖̬̮̝̺͉̣͍̼̠̦͔͕͓͗͌̋̆̌̋́̉̀̉̈́̐̄͒̍͛͊̎̑̆͑̅̏̐̓͒̃̔̀͛̊̈́̓̏̈̾̃̀͐́̏̄̀̇͐̂̔̔͋́̑̅́̋̾̌̀̓̊́̂̄̊͐̇͋̏̆̿̊́̀͌̐̃̄̊̾̄̾̄̈́̽͌͂̓̈̔͑̉̈́̃̂̽̾̾͆̒̏͌̍̋̓͗̌̅͗͋̀̈́̊̽̉͂̈́̊̓̐͆̋͑̋̃̑̆͗̈́́̇̏͗͊̅̑͌͛̿ͩ͋̈́̈́̿̊̈̿͒͐̌̔͆̊̑̍̋̓̓̀͂̋̋̈́̏̾̀̀̆̀̃̆͗̈͒̃́̎͋̓̔̑̀͐̅͐̎̽́̂́̍̿͆̉̇̽̂̌̅̊̏̓͌̑́̑͌͒̏̍͋͐̿̑͒̽͆̈́̂͛͋̉̉͋͂̊̔͑͐̎̅̀̈́̈͊͋̀̆̈́̏̔̐̔̈͂͋͊̅͌̓̂͒̍̊̒͂̾͐̃̈́͐̽͛̓̏̿̀̽̽͒̊͑̎̿͑͂̃͊̇͐̏̒͗̈̈́͌̀́̒̈́̾̈͂͋͑̋̅̂̈̍̇̉̀͐̇̒͒͌̎̌̉̒̈́̿̋̂̆̆͂̾̿͌̉̑̓͒͆̓̈̏͐̿̌̅̃̾̾͑̍͊̎́̿͑̂̓̉͒̈́͌͒́̊̅͛̍͛̃̀́͂̈́̉̈͆͛̍̂̈́̽ͨ̃͐͗͛̆̈́̔̐̈́͗̔͐͗̍̄͒͆̀̆͊̓̓̀͑̾̑͌͌̈́̈͐̋̃̄̐͊͑̉̈͋͗̍́́̔̓̎͌̋̐͋͆̑͂̂̽̾̍̐͊̾̚̕̚͘͘͘̕̕̕̚̚̕̕̚̕̚͘̚͘̚͘̕̚̚̕̕͘̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅƠ̶̷̶̶̷̵̢̢̢̧̨̧̢̢̡̧̢̡̨̢̨̨̨̨̨̢̢̨̧̨̨̢̨̧̧̧̡̨̨̢̧̨̧̢̧̡̢̢̡̢̡̡̡̨̨̧̡̨̡̧̡̡̡̨̧̨̢̡̡̢̢̡̨̧̨̨̡̨̨̧̧̢̡̢̧̧̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̥̤̺͔͔̫̲̩͖̩̘̞̙͈͇̯̹̩͉͍̜̼̲̫̣̠̲̻͍̻̪̝̮̜̩͙̻̞̖̝͕̮͇̜̖͚͚̼̪͙͔̠͍͎͖̲̼̱̗͇̱̹̭̪͕͇̙̫̟̩͈͓̫͎̹̩͍̼̳̤̤͚̳̳̬͔͓̠̫̤̬͈̩͙͓̤̱͉͙͖͎̣̣̤͉̝̘̗͉̻̱̯͔̝̖͍̖̪͇̺̻͇̹͎̙͙͉̻̤̤͓̙͔̻̬͎̦̭̜̲̖̪̟͎̘̭̤͔̤͉͍̘͇̳͔̪̼̟̰͓̱̭̰̫͉͉͉̫̭̭̳̺͈̼͙̹͙̹͍͍̼͖͇̺̫͍̥͉̬͈̼̝͔̼̠̜̮͉͉͙̞̪͕̮̙̬͙̟̼̫̝̬̗̖̲̹͕̤̘͕̦͍͙̙͕̥̻͎͍̮̖̗͙̦̺͉̘̘̥͇̩̯̜̜̺͎̹͚͖̠̳͔̠͈͙͚̝̯͔͉̬̜̪͕̟̼͔̼̹̠͚̩͍͉͖͚̟͇͙̬̪͇̲͕͇̹̝̱͖̠̣̫͇̯̬̺̭͕̻̲̰̙̱͇̻̲̩̼̼̻̙̲̘̯̗̠̰̼͚̖̳̻̱̠̫̺̘͖̝̗͕̦̙͚̻͙͎̬̰̤̜͓̰̻̲̻̲̖̳̠̬̬̬̫̮̫̲̝̝̳̠̮̜̭̠͈͙̤͖̰̙̯̫̺͖̟͈͉̰͚̜̩̺̼̹̘̖̟̮̻̮̭̻̦̜̻͓̹̭͍̬͈̠̫̹̤͍̞̻͓̜͈͎͇͖͖̼̥̱̣̩͖̳̹̱̬̮͈̲̭̭̰̘͙̦͙̹̹̦̜̼̖̫͉̞̥̣̥͇̣̺̘̬͕̝̬̱̭͔͙̣̹̫̗̟̫̭̗̟͚̼̳͚͕͉̟̦͉̩̗͙͓̺͇̜̬͈̦̹̪͓̩̬̙̙̝̲̖̩̮̪̩͚̬̙̗͙̬̦͎̫̝̹̙̜̬͔̲̠̠͉͙̦̺̬̖̹̖͎͙̮̪̞̻̦̪͖̳̻̳̘̼̣͎͖̭͙̱̳̫̩̲̖͓͍̲̤̼̫̠̲̩̹͓̺̮̼̮̳̣̦͖̞͉̣͎̞̲̙̼̰̥̪̗̘̣͎̜̠͓͎̥͙̘͇̟̮̪͖͎͉͓̲̩̫̘̦̖͖̙̼̳̭̝̪̭͉̤̯̺̭̩̫̙̭̗͇̩̰̯̳̹̞̱̜̭̗̼̼̫͉̯̲̝͔̳̩͙̻̟͖̭͙͕͔̖̟̰͍̬͔̞͇̙̪͚͈̤̬̲͖̻̮̜̺̤͈̖̟̞̙̼̖̺̹̝̝̥̠̥̣̻̝̣͓͇̩͎͖͍̻͈̼̜̱͓͇͎͚͖̰̪̬̖̩͖͙̤̞̗͇̗͉͙̲̠̱̬̱̮̮̤̥͇͕͛́̈́͊͐̒̔̈́͗͂͂̾̄̐̈́̂̾̆̓̈́̊͐͐̈́͌̃̐̈́̽̓̉̉͊̌͌̀̋́̂̇̾̍͗̉̐̀́̅̃̓̿̒̂́́́̑ͩ̑̑̽̃̇̐́̔͛͌͌́̓̇͌̅̀̒̈̊̉̈͐̀͌̉̓͗̂̉͐͛̀͌̆̀͌̿̅͋̽̆́̈́̎̂̉̇̽͛͐̉͌̏̂̑̂͒̊͛͗̇̆͗̋̋̾̾̈́͗͂̀̈̑͋̎̓͆͂̓͋͒̄̋̍̐́̒̂̿̎͆̈́̃̔͑̒́͗̊͆́̓̈́͒̓̾̽̈́̑̀̓̓͛̽͆̽͗̀͒́̀̀̅̽̌̈́̊́́̽̈́̆̆̈̇̑ͥ́̏̑̿͛̂͊͐̋̎̽͆̊̃͒̏͑̇̊͊̒̾̅̏̇̐̿́̐̑͂̈́̂̅̊̉̊́̿̄̀̽̈́̐̔̀̂͂̍̎̔̆̎̌́͐̀̀͊̐̇̀̓̓̏̔̂͒̍̃͂̍͗͑͛͛͆͊̌̏̂̀̀̇̍̄̽̓̇͑̌͊͐̆̈́̾̊̐̆͌̓̆̾̓́͗̒̾͂̈́̓̈́͛͑̀̈̏̂̀̆̀̽̈́̒̒̏̾͌̓̃̎̓̐̈́̆̆̑̒̀̐͒̅̒̈́́́͐́̈́̾̿́̎͊̐̌̎̀̍̎̓̈́̂͋̃̇̋̄̅͊̑͒͛̃̋̍̌̋͒͐̿́̈́̿̒̀̊͑̉͂͗̓͗̂̀̾̈̒̿̈́̉ͬ̈́̇͋̾̈́̄̊̌̄͑͌̇̾̋̋͛̆̐͛̈̅́̾͋́͋̏͗̈́̽̒̓͌̐̓̂͐̏͒͌̀͗́͊̍̆̈́̉̈́̏̒̈́̽̽̐̇͐̇͊̓́̅̉̂̑̊̋̽̾̌̂̀̍̓̓̇̓ͨ̿̅̋͐͗͛̑͋̐̄̔̓̈́͊͂̅̿͗̂̀̈́̽̓͊̐̒̇̓̓̾̔̊͐̏̉̓̾̏͂́̉̈́́̿̈́̏̽͗̽͒̎̐̎̀͊̒̎͋́͗̿̒̽̒̀̏̈́̿͋̓̔͌̎́͑̃̒̏̃̈́͆͐͗̆̄̂̉͑̒̓͛̎̐͆̋̈̆̀̊̽̌̈́̓̿͊͐̀́͂͗̃̆̓́̌̓̔̏̃̉̐͌̎̓̈́͋͊̈́̇́̅̌̒̇̎̅̈́̾̈́̏̈͛͛̿̒̄̀̂̃̍͆̅̈́̅̓́̔̃̋͒́́͂͂̈́͋͛̐̅͌̿̂̅̈̅͐̈̑̀̄ͮ̈́̒̉̔̈̔͂͛̊̉̅́̉̓̆̍̊̀̂͑̍͋͛̌͛̈̐̎̑̂͆͌̔̊̒̀̐͊̊͑̃̇͒̀̌͌̈́̍͒͂̿̑͆̈́̐̀͌̄̐̏̇͗́̓̊͑͑̇͒̋̅̽̔͋̓̅́̓̂̓́̓̉̔̆͒̈̅̽̿́̏͌̎̋̋͛̊͊̽͆͐̒͋̉͊̿̓̿͌̈̑̈́̈͊͆͋̅͛́̃̑̆͌̀̾̄̉̍͆͛͆̓̒̊͂̾͑̅̚̚̕͘͘̕̕̕̕̕͘̕̕͘̚̕̚͘̕̚͘̚͘̕̕͘̚̕̚̕̚̚̕͘̕̚͘̕̕͘̚̕͘̚͘͘͘̕̚̚͘̕͘͘͘͘̕̕̕̕͘̚̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͠͝͠͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͠͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅỬ̴̸̷̷̧̡̨̧̧̨̡̨̧̨̨̢̢̨̧̧̧̢̧̢̢̨̨̧̡̡̨̢̧̨̨̨̢̧̧̢̢̨̡̡̢̨̧̨̨̢̨̢̡̨̡̢̡̡̨̢̧̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̖͙͚̹͔̣̯̜̬͖̥͈̙͚͓̝̦̤̣̫̙͔͙͉̯͇̖͚͚̘̳̩̦̰͙͉͕̩̬̖͉͙͍͈͍̩͍̪̹͎̰̠͓͉͔̗̗̮̠͇͍̳̹̲̩̹̖̭̜͉̟̯̜̣̱̞͍̦͚̻̪̠͚̰͖͙͓̲̹͉̗̭̭̞͉̥̗̥͚̙͇̺̣̱̥̘̞̻̺̩̠͖̼̰̺̲̟̰͓̪̭̜̹̲̰̗͙̥̘͎̞̼̞͎̙̥̤͎͚̭̭̗͙̘̭͔̖͇͕̰̹̬̤͇͙̠͍̥̤͚͔̦̹̣̠̳͙̖̥̲̺͇͔͔͉͙̫͓͔͔̖͉̩̰̥͇̞̹̖͈͓̼̖̖͚̭̮̳͙̱͕̖͚̮͇͕̲̣̦͍͕̱̣̞̹̣̲̻͕̝̭̫͇̟̻̘͕̯̘̱͎̰̗̤̠̤̹̦̙̗͇͇͍͔̱̦͔̹̜͚̲͚̲̗̖͖̩̟͇̲̜̙̖̫͎̳͇̳̬̻͚͉̼̻̳̟̘̩̜̺͎͉̗̝̱̩̰͖̗̙̪͎̹͚̫̫͉̜̱̗̺̪̻̮̭͕̩͎̬̲̹̩̣̖̘̩̯̠̙͚̮͎̟̩̦̲̪̠̩̼̦͔̯̫̤͎̖͖̝̱̺̰̟̜̗̞̻͖̲̖̙͎̟̤͎̣̰̦̖̗̤̜̘̫̱͉̪̜̱̰̠̲̤͓͖̜̠̬̻̳̳̮̦̳̬̦͕͎͈̱̙̳͓̣͕͓͔͇͈͔̳̝̱̦̺̝̙̮̮̘̩̰͉̺̭̘̪̭̥͓̱͖̥͓̜̝̘̯̖̞̹͚̗̟̠̣̲̰̞̩̼̻͙̙̤͔̘͍̼̩̤͙̦̣͔͕̹̯͙̬͉̞͇̞̲̰͇͎̠̤̰̜͇̞͎̦̩̬͇̟͔̠͉̙̦̮̹̞̪̖̗͍͓̣͖͎̙̠̠̣̪̗̬̳̱̟̙̫̩̼̣͇͉̦͓̪̬̝̘̭̜̪͕̯͙̦̼͈͇́͗͐́̈̒͑̽̿͆̑̈́̍̓̔̿̀̂͂͗͒͐̑̔͑̐̋̓̀̀̆̈́̑͗͊͂̅͒̌͂̏͛̆́̈́͒͐̉̂͂̃͂͌̇̾̆̎́̂̿̐͋̾̃͋͑̋͊͆̓̾͐̈͆͌̋̄͛̐̌̄̂͐͒͐̑̂̿̓̉́͌̀͂͊̇̽̅̄̾̉̔͊͛̈́͋̆̾̋͂͗́̌̀͛͆̃́̃̓́͆̅̐͊̂̎̓͐͗̈̈́͌͌͑̌̊̎̄͒̊̑̀̿̅̍̂̊̔͑̈́̆̀̊̽͂̀̾͒̑̉́̐̇̉̒̍̍̒̾͑̓͒͋ͥ̐̔̈́͋̓̈̋͂̇̽̿̔̆̈̑̀͑̅̎͋̇̅̽̉ͮ͐́̋̓̓͒͗̐̇̿̀̉̇͛̃̄̓̀̍́̀͌̀͐̽̔͊͂̂͂̔̿̈͂̃̃̌̍̋͋̒̅̆͋̎̑͋̍̽̐̍̉͂̑̾̑̐͛̎̾͋͑̽͋͋̀͊́̐͑̂̐̈́̏̃̿̒͛̇̈͛̓̓̾͋̇̍͒̓̄̒̉̏͂͒͋̿̓̀̈̓̓̑̉́͋̍́͑̒͆̈́̀͐̊̄̄̓̐̌̀͆̒̀̓̅̋͑̽̒͋̿̈́͆͑̍̉̎͛̃̒͊̉̿͑̒̇̑͊̀͐̑̄̔̾ͩ̓͛͒͆̋̃̍̽͋̈́̀́̍͂̄̐̅̑̇̏̈́̽͊̌͊̓̅̆̑͂̇́͒̅͊̂̓̾̈́͑̀̉̍́̀̿̂̂͌̎̎̐͗͆̓̎̾͌̂͌̓̉̎̈́̄̑͌̒͂͘̕̕͘͘̚̕̚̕͘̕͘̕͘̕̚͘͘͘̕͘͘̕̚̕̚̚̕̕̕͘͘̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅT̷̴̨̧̢̢̡̧̨̧̡̢̨̡̢̨̡̧̨̨̢̨̨̡̢̧̢̡̢̡̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͔̬͖̮̘̖͍̬̯̤̞̪̖̩͈̤̫͕͓̟͎̫̙̱͚͍͚̻̮̰̫̯͚̰̠͎̝̻̭̼͍̝̫̻̰̙͙̙̯̰͙̩̰͚͓̼͈͉̗̦̲̲̗̹̻̫̥̮͔̟̭̫̥̟̲̩͔͉̞̹̞̹̰̗̙̳̰̺̠̠͇̖̹̲̮̼̘͔̥̙̻̲͍̞̭͇̖̗̭̬̘̻̖̭̜͇̥̭̤̟͚̟͚̬̲̘̼̲͖͍̦͔͚̪̟̼̜̹̭̮̠̥͙̣͕͔̯̯̟̣̠͙͎̖͓̠͓̬̱̜̠̣̟̣̫̺̦͕̜̞͉͕͇̹̘̫͙͚͍͍͇̜͇͓̱̞̙̼̞̫͎̥̖̰̩̪̗̱̗̻̼̙̫͖̱̲̫̳̯̤̹̮̹̣͕̬͔̠̠̬̲̻̯̮̖͙̺̖̲̻͖̝̟͙̮̮̘̯͔͈͓͖̭̦̟̪̮̳̻͙̹̪̞̩͍͍̮̘̭̼̖̫̻̯̦͇̤̝̞̟̦̻͚̱̫́̿͆̾͂̊̀̇͌̆̋͊͊̒͗͊͐͐̐̈́̅̂̌́̂̐͌͒̀̌̽̓̋̿̓̂̿́̓͋̉̈́̽̍̒̅̿̂̊͐͆͐̔̿͆̎̽̀̽̉̅̓̌̀̿͒͐̒͐͐͊̔͗̄̿͑̾̈́̋̄̿̏̂̀̒̾̎̑̏̔͂̉̒̈́̃̓̈̉̉̋̋̽̃̌͛̄̾͒͑̂͂̿̍̑͋̾̆̈́̀̀̿̈́͊͗͆̊̄̽͛͌́̋̐̈́̎̅͑̓͒͑̀͛̀̅̒̀̃̽̅̈́̑̾͗̅̊̅̊͑̀͐̆͆̎̀̎͑̓̇̔́͋̀̄̇̉̓͆̈́͛̈̒͋̎̀̈́̌̀̀̉̓̐̇͊̈̒̋̀͗̂̄͊̅͊̀͑͒̏̂̌̋̊̈̄͐́̇́͋̾̇̓͒͗͋̐̉̀̓͌̇͒́͒̌̎̾̒̌͑̓̋͆̊̈́̔͂ͧ͐̎̒̂̓̐̔̌̊͗͌̐̍͋͗̍̎̌̌̑̑̆̊͒͛̔̌͛̔̊̎̉̌̈́̋̽͆̋̂͐͐̆̃̆̓̆͗̓͋̄̋͋̄̀̂̃̒̔̊̿͌̑̉̌͐̌͌̀̀̍͒͂͂̀̆̈́̍̇͛̅̈̏͑̆͋̒̔͐̋͊̄̓̃̔͂̀̀̓͗̐̌̒̒́́͌̊͌̆̃͗͑̉̎̂̈̊̚̚̚̚̕͘̕̚͘̚͘̚̕͘̚͘̚̕̚͘̕̚͘͘̚̕͘͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͠͝͝͝͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅ ̴̡̨̧̡̧̨̧̨̨̡̢̢̡̡̨̢̧̢̢̧̨̨̧̨̡̛̛̛̻̖͙͔̪̣̳̼͎͔̰̟̱͉̦̩̮̘̹͉͎̘̫͓̟̰̤͎͈̲̮̳̮̖̹͎̟̗̱̱̥̱̭̖̥̟̟̼͉͙͔̻͔̫͓͉͔͙̞̭̩̦̣̟̝̳̜̪̰̖̜͚̺͖͖̺͓̩̮̩̮͉̱̬̭̻̰͈͉̗͕̺̬͉̬̯̭̰͚̖̮̫̳̩͇̫̭͚̩̲̼͈̙̠̭̜̼̩͙͎̪̩͓͖͓͓͎͉͍̝͈͈̲͕̬͕̮̙̺̤̫̬̬̪̤͍̱̪̠͕̩̮͙̮͕͖̜̬͇̳̰̲̤̲̞͔̬̗̙̩̻̱̗̯̼̗̰̼͖͚̰̖̠̮̝͈͙͇͖̙̮̥̠̞͕̝̻͇̻̙̭͎̼͉͇͉͕̩̗͈̯̝̭̙͕̘̜͇̰̟͚̳̩̬͕̣̤̬͕̺̬̳͓͖͍̜̖̹̗̤͙̣̘̖͉͖͉̲̳̯̭͚̟̰̥̩̿̈́̑͊̾̉̈́̐̉́͋̿̏̃̓͗͛̑͊̌̍̎̔̓̇̓̈̿̄͌̍͒͊͑̿̊̄̾́̔̓̐̈́͐̍̓͋̽͛͌͑̓̎̅́̎̈́͋́̾̾̔͑̒͊̾̇̔͊͗̀̆̾́͊̾͊̏̍̔̿̏̾̒̒̈́̎͌̇̍̔̋́́͊̀̾̔̀̈́̀̑̈̓̑͊̈̔͗̄́̀͒͛̅̊̈̆̓͆̃͊͋́̈̎̃͆̊̿̉̅̈̈́̂͑̂̅̀̎̊̀̈́̐͐̒̌̋̽͗̀́͆͊͋̒͌̽͗̉̀̂͊́̑͋̋̐̆̒̂͂͌̈́͐̋̔̅̄̃̌̔̍͛̂̑̑̍̈̔͛͐͐͛̋͂̀̊̀̆͐̏̅̑̿́́̂́̈̓̋̈́̈̈́̒̾̏̅̃̑͐̅̆̇̔̎̋̔͌͊̒̕̕͘̕͘͘̚͘̚̕̚͜͜͜͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅR̶̴̵̴̡̨̧̨̨̧̡̡̢̢̡̢̡̢̨̢̧̢̧̢̡̨̧̧̧̧̨̨̡̢̧̡̢̡̨̡̨̧̨̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͓͍̼̣̼̮̣̳̹̣͖̭̤̦̞̠̹͙̰̝̞̩̥̟̭͉̟̤̩̖̥̤̗̯͉̪͕̹̱̩̦͖͇͎̞̬͍̱̥̰͕͙̩̘̰̟̼͚̣̬̱̭̯̰̞̝͓̣͖̜̳̤̯̜͚̦̹͈̟͓̤͇̘̗̭̩͕̥͖̼̬͇̙̠͔͙͓̠͈͕͓͇̬̥̣̪̜̱̱̬͓̤͈̲̬̺̺̠̱͍̺̦̻̘̼̦̞̭͈̮̳̦̪̥̝̰̠̟̹̠͚̲̦̩̣̪̖͕̮̲͍̙̺̯̙͚̟͈̤͇͉̯̲͚̲̱̼̩͓̹̜͚̱͓͓̯̟̟̤̦̭͕̻͎̣̯͔͕͓͉̲̣͓̪̹̝͚͈̮̦̖͕̯̜̥̬̬̘̬̰̼̙̮̱̭̦̝̤͓͍̺̫̪̪̤͕̜̗̰̭̻̩̗̼͖̲̼̮͕̖̦͇̰̱̠̜̪̹̟͓͕̗͙͍̝̜̝̘̠͕͖͉̰̖̗͖͕͈͚̮̫̫͓̩̖̜̻͍̩̲̼̟͚̠̯͓̗̞̮̘̙͇͎̼͉͇̘̫̤̗̹͈̫̰̘̝͙̯̹̲̳͚͓̝̖̻̮̼̻͍̻̼̙̥̭̮̞̤̤̱͕̭͎͙̹͖̤̭͎͖̠͎̦̝͓̜͎͎͉͖̪͙̩͔̞͈̙̻̲̱̙̙̪̱̞̟̟̲͔͚͚̮̙̜͓̭̫͕̻̜͇̖͓͔̝̦̪̼͉͍̗̬̣̦̼͓̩͕̘̠̹̼͗̆̆̓̔̎̉͊̀̈́̏͊̎̈̀́̅̃̾̌̈́͊̏͌̄͛͛͒͆̋̔͐̎́͑͌̾̔̍̽̓͆̈́͒̓̄̈́͐̓͒͐́̓͆͛̒̃̏̀̓̅̔̆̏̽̃͋̏͊̐̔̐̊̊͛̇̉̒́̄̄͗̇̋̆̾̏͛̐̾̄̓̓̌̋̅́̌̀̉̾̾͛̈̐͊̆͋̎̀̋̿̅̔̀̓͗͒̈̊͐́̈́͐͌̆́̎͛͆͒͋͒̊͐́̌ͮ̋͒̉͛̀͋͑̋̂̓̌̍̓͌̅̒͊̄͆̓͂͑͆́̇͗͗̎́̿̐̎́̑̄͐͛́̂͌͋͌̃̇͒͂̔̓̍͒̾̄̄̑̀͂̅̄̆̅͋̿̾̓͑̒̄̉̑̋̊̉̿̈́̄̓̏͊̔̐͒̎̏̉̓̀̔͋̂̿̔͗̅̃̉͋̅̅̉͗͊̈́͒͛̽͋͛͒̎͐̇̃̃̌̀̏͂̈́͛̌̇̆͗̊͋̉̆̀̋̈́̉̾͊̈̇̑̂͑̈͌̾̏̅͛̉̾̀̄̍̎͗̈́̄͋̆̃̀̓̇͆̓͛̈̄̓͂͐̔͊̀͊͊̈́̎̉̀̾̂̆̇͆̑̏͊̾̀͑̓̆̊̇̄̌́̑̽͆͌̈̃͐̓̅͋̾̀̎́͛͂͗̓̈́̑͋̔̐͒̃̄̆̉ͣ̐̽͊̃̈̍̋͒͌͗̌̄̄̈́́́̀̐̎͐̒͂͌͗́͒̉̈́̽̀͊̑̌̈̎̃͒͐̂̍̊̏͒̿̅̉͂̋̏͋̾̉̓̅̐͛͌̂́̓̀̆̋̇͂̽͌̂̈́̔̾̾ͦ̃́͗̄̀̎͆̎̾̋̍͋̄̐̐̽̓̂̅̔̈͒̅́̇̍̍̾̋͒͑̎́̈́̈́̃̍͊̇̈̈̀͒̃̾̽́͊͌́̄̉̈́̀̊̏̐́̔̒́́̊̃́̊͊̒̈́̽̀̈́̃̚̚͘͘̚̕̕̕͘̚̚͘̕̚̚͘̚̕̕̚̚͘̕̚̕̚̕͘̚̚̚͘͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅE̵̸̴̢̨̧̨̨̨̡̧̨̡̧̢̨̢̧̡̧̢̢̧̢̧̡̡̧̧̡̧̢̢̨̡̨̧̢̡̨̡̢̢̨̨̨̡̨̛̹̖̳̤̤̙̖͖̗̲̹̭̤̘͔̥͖̟̗͔̙̫̹͔̭͉̩̜̲̗̙̰̣̳̲̳̥̜̖͚̠̗͈͖̜̯̠̝͓̹͎̹͉͙͈͉̠̙̪͎̦͔̤͎͎͇̜͈̜̻̼͇̙̰̜̮̟̼̯͚͇͎̳̤̹͔͇̱̠̻̗̣̼̳̝̖̯̟̣̰͓͖̱͚͇̥͚͇̜͉̭̙̞͇̘̥̯͕̠̙̣͖̘̜̝̯̹̥̬̹̰͔̳͚̳̼͔̮̹̻̝̩̦͇̤͍̭̳͔̳͉̙̞̲̙̯͍̟̟̺̪͉̼̹͖̘̻̼̮̼̖̺̬͕͖̠̰̙̱͔̙̤̭͙͍̤̲͔̥̯̱̘͖̣̘̯̹̤̲̯̼̭̻̪͇̞̙̬̩̥̝̭͇̣͙̞̳̞̺̘͔̰̺̭̱̳͕̭͓͇͕̙͎͕̝̦͈̙̭̼̖̗̞̦͎̣̼̭̜͕̣̭̘͓̱̗͖͕̬̻̣̞̪̜͈̘̮̣̯͉͔͈̯̲̗̬̘͇̤̫̫̖̼̱̳͖̞̖̲̞̹̲̤̙̳͔̳̱̣̱͉͖̮̼͉̺̻̦̥̘̠͇̗̟͔̪̝̥̫̟̪͔͍̼̟͕̖̭̤̝̤̞̹̲̜̥͕̻͉̟̦̳̙̪̘͖̱̯̦̖̲͔͔̻̗͎̞̙͎͇͍͔͍̤̺̭̟̘̜̰̜̯̱̼͍̹̻͍̦͉̪̟̩̰̭̥̹͈̦̘̰̰͓͙̰̪̘̠̣̻̗̭͙̺͔̞̘͓̦̻̯̰̮͖͕̖̼̩̩̖͎̦͉̖̙͈͈̼̪̖̼͍̙̮̯͉̟͑͊̔̋͂̄̍̌̄̂̇̇͌̽̈́̇͒̈́̀͗̆̊̑͛͒̅̽̈͂̊̃̽̉̂̃̀ͦ̊̿́̀̽̅̈́͛̎̓̿̋ͫ͆͒͑̉͒̿̊̑̌̌̌̇̒̏͌̍͂̉͂͊̆̎̿̌̎̽̔͂̂̎̈́̏̇̈́̔͋̈̐̀̒́̓̐̅̽̀́͋̽͒̄̉͛̍̓̿̉̈́̓̎̀͛̿͑̅͐̈́̂̀̓̕̕̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅÂ̶̸̢̨̧̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̮͈̥̗̜͇͔͕͚̙̝̬͙͔͓̮̺̮̭̖̗͔̥͍̱͖̰͉̫̬͙̠̝̜͚̮̯̫͖̘̟̗̥̼̜͕̺̪̟̰̼̼̩͈̪͎͓͈͇̬̟̘̺̓͂̈́̋͛͒̐̐̓̑̀̒̾͛̉̏̄͛̊̄͑͆̓͋͊̀͊̋̂̈́͊̀̐̃̇̽̆̃̑̆͂͌̎̀̐̀̐̔͗̈̀̿̉̂̍̋̓̏̐͛̇̔̂̌͒̒̔̀͊̓̍̉̃̃͂̏͐̑̏̒͑̈́͂̊̿̎͒̃̀͒̋̽́̋̑͆̾̔̃͋͋̆̈́͂̽̄̀̎̈́̾͐̈́̇̈́̽̎͒̇̇̀́͋̔̑͒́͗̋̒̍́̋̅͋͛̒͗̍͂̇̌͛̈́̑̄̔͂̋̄͂̂͊͑̈͐̄̈́̈́ͪ̃́͛̆̔̂̌͑͆̂͆͂́͌́̂͋̎̐̅̒̓̏͑̈́̊͌͑̊̏̈́̌̊̌̎̽̄̌̏̐́̄̾̄̆͂͑͊̒͐͑̅̾̏͐͛̀̿̈́̊̈́̇͑͛̆̾̂̓̇̇̂́́̐̅̄͑͒̓̇͂̽́̑̌̋̅͐͒̀̏̑͐́̂̆̾̾̏̆̒̂͂̌͆͋̈́̓̉̉̃̏̈́͒͋̆́̍̀̽̏͋̿̇͑͒̈́̽̄̈́̿͋͊̋͂͆̈́̿̍͋̑͂́̍̈́̾̃̔͗͊̒̈́̌͑̏͒̓̅̃̈́̑͋̈̎̓̂͌͑̓͋̑̇́̌͊́̂̆̏͗͐͑͒̂͒̿́͗̈́̂̽̈́̏̈́͑̂̐̃̅̈́͌̇̾̀́̈́̌̈́̽̽̾͗̈̿̓̄͑̓͐͒̈́̓̐̾͌̓͛̅́̃̃̒̃̃̋͂̓̏͌͆͒̊͑̔̋́̊̀͘̚̕̕̕͘̚͘͘̚̕̕̚͘͘̕̚͘̕̕̕̕͘̕̚̚͘̚͘̚̕̚̕̕͘̕̕͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝ͅḼ̶̸̸̸̨̢̡̢̢̢̡̡̨̧̢̨̢̨̨̨̡̧̡̢̨̧̢̡̧̨̡̨̡̨̡̧̧̢̢̡̧̨̧̡̧̢̨̨̢̢̢̧̢̧̨̨̡̡̢̧̡̡̢̧̧̧̨̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̞̟̳͍̣̭͚͚͕̟͔͕̤͚̯̣̖̭̮̮͍̭͚̰̱̱͚̟͇̺̟̱̰͇̹̠̯͈͇̣̼̹͈͍̹̝̙̲͕̝͈͍̞̰̰̪̣̪͕̩̗͇̜̩͇͚̗̖̞͇̳͖̹̗̼͓̞͉̘͕͕̯̞̥͇̪͚̫̬̮͍͕͖̠̠̠̭͈̹̳̱̺͍̥̹͔̟͇̮̦̠̱̦̭̗͚̣͍͕͇̲̖̝̱̦͙̻̪͉͔̠͖͕͕̩͇̘̙̞̭̱̞̤̺̙̪̠̜̝̱̯̬̬̦̫̯͕̞̳̳͕̝̝̝̱͓̦̖̻̤̤̪͈̮̖͔̩̳̟̟͉̺̟̯̹̤͕͚͈̜̱̤͉̟̠̮̙͇̰̰̻̜̣͕̠̳̤̱̯̱̬͖̗̩̫̹͍̱̼̞̣͎͕̟̩̫̠̺̥̤̠̮̤̼̗̥̤̦̻͚͇̤̻̥̺̪̼͉̱̜͓͚̩̣͈͙͓̩̟͎̦͖͇̱͇̠̲̞̻͙̙̩̗̳̲̺̣͈̺̗͕͉̯̲͍͕͙̺̮̙͓͍͉̦̣̤̺͍̲͓͎͚̟͉̳͕̭͈̲͎̫̪̹̫̳̩͎̯̯̠̼͔͎͎͔̜͎͓̩̙̘͉͍͓͉͉͙͍͉̦͎̞͎̤͔̺̺͔̭̗̙̯̟̗̰̬̹̘̗̰̱̖̯̘͍̻̣̳̙͎̲̪̻͇̦̦̘̩̻̗͎̼̹̱̠̬͓̬̘͔̳̲̞͍͈͓̥̩̼̱̻͔̱̗̦̣͖̞̗̣̺͚̳̣͖̼̟̙̙̤̻̦̥̞͍̞̘͙̣̗̙̼͖̖̠̥̘͖̮͉͉̭̯͖̳̠͕̝̟̺̟̘̜̦̫͎̥̳̜͙͎̻̟͖͇̞͓͉̟̜͗̍̀̈͒̔́̃̎͂̀́̅̇͋̀̀͋͊̾̽̓͌́̀͂̄̍̔͗͗͂͂̋̀͌̔̌̆̇͐͂̇̀́̃͋͆ͦ̈́͗̏͊̈́̔͂̈́̾͆̀̊̈́͊̾̍͌̀͂̆̽̍̓̎̓̈́́̔͗̿̋̆̽̽̑͆͆͌͒̿̈͒̑̌̆́̇́̓̄̾͋̈́̈́̊̈͂̏͋͋͂̈́͒̃̾͊̉̇̇̅̋̒͋̔͐͌̂͌̐̓̆̍̿͒͋͆͒̓̈́̔̈̍̋̽̏͋̅̄̅̋̅̏̓̇̾̊̿̾͐̂͛̋̀̉͑̔́̈́͆̓̓̀ͫ̒̀̾͐̒̏̓̎̊̅̾͛̓̿̀͆̌̽̆͊̎̐͒̈̔̊̀̏͂͒̿̎̓͊̊̑̄̐̈̀̏̏̀͊̇͐̒̍́͂̉̿̀́͑̿́͑̑̌́̂̿͂̈́̓͐̈́̽̎͒̀̍̋͛͑͛͗̾̈̑̀̆͐̋̂̾̄̽̒̓̍̅̿͐͌̎̆̊̈́̎̍͊̀̅̈́̅̈́͐̓̎̉̒̄̎͊̄̏̄͂̏̃͆̃̎̌̂̃̏͆̀̓̉̓̈̓̓̆͌͗̀́̈́̓̀͛̇́͐̃̋͛̓̆̽̒̏͂͛̐̒͑̋̐͂͗͊̓̐͆̑̾͒͑̅͑̐̉̏͛̐̈́͑̆͐̀͆ͩ͌̇͊̈́͗͒͛́̐̀͒́̂̓̔̀̍̂́̀͌̊́̓̿̀̾̏̆̄͐̀̊͛̈͌̀͌̒̍̔͆͋́͌̃̂̾͛̏̆̿̔͆̓̃̓͌͑͋͐̔̄̾̾͌͗̈̈́̀̆̎͌̈́̌͗̃̒͑͗̀̽͌̈́̽̽͂̏̀͋̾͆̅̎̓́̎͒͗̀̍̑͑̾͛̎̿̌̇̓̑͊̆̅̐̉͌̈́͐͊̽͘̚̚̚͘̚̚̕͘͘̕͘͘̚͘̚̕̚͘̚̕̕͘̕͘̚͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͠͠͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͠ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅĻ̵̸̨̡̡̡̨̡̢̧̢̡̧̢̧̢̢̢̡̧̧̨̛̛̛̛̛̛̬̤͎̲̟̩̫̬̹͎̺̼̭̳͙͔̪̖͇̻̤͔̪̼̣͙͉͍̠̠̦͚̱̪̬̩̯͙̮̻̝̥̟̠̟̖̰̪̹̲̹̗̣̠͚̘͈̺̫̮̰̱̰̗͙͔̪̗̥͚̥̯̩͓͇͍͉̜̬̞̱̤̻͇̤͙̖̻̬͈̳͉̱̹̺̻͙̦͎̬̩̬̮̫̹̠͇̗̰̘͚̖͍̬͓̲̩̤͙̰̳̳̘̱̘̞͙̙͓͉͍̝͇̭̱̱̘͕̣̳̞͎̭̯̱̞͚̫̭̘̻͎̯̭̯̦͖͓͖̫͓̹̺̖͔͉̩̖̤̞̙͙̥̪̪̩͎͖̬͈̣̤̟̫͙̺̺̟͔̦̬̘̝̖̟̦͇̼̬͇̩͓̘̟͈̱̜̣͖̩̪̫͎͖̹͇̺̠̮̮̟͓͇̝̙̯͈̩̦̜̝͚̯̯̜̳̝͙̝̥͉͑̊̿̏̽̋̌̂́͗͂̉̒̐̔̊̊̉̌̈́ͭ͒̑̍̌̂̋̍̅̈́̈́̊͆́̐͊̅͂͌̍͆́̅͛̅̂͊̆̌̾͆̃͑̀̽̒͌͑̆̅́͐͛͗͑͛̏̊̍͗̓̍̆̀̂̽̈́̒̑́̑́́͗̐́́̄̈́͐̃̃͊̈́͌̒̈́̀̒͛̄́̈́̃̆̽͑͐͑̍̃͆̒̎̌́̌̔̒̀̽͐͂̽̔̆̃̈́̑̓͒̎̊͒͊͆͗͒̊͗̉͗͒͒͛͆̎͊̊̓͌͑̎͊̏͐̐͆͑͗̾̆̓̊̀̈̽͊̈̀̓̈͗̎̂͒̅̉̿̋͌̅̓̊̄̀͛͌̔͑̂̑̃͊̾̐͂͆̅͋̐̎̈́͋̀́̅̿̀̐͛͒͌͒̏͌͌̽͛͊̚͘̚͘̚̚̕̕͘̕̕͘͘̚̕̕̚͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͠͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅͅỲ̵̨̨̨͉̝̭̱̜̜̮̩̜̺̰͍̠͎̲͈͍͓̳̫̯̓̍̆̽͗̓̔̓̓́͋͠ ̵̡̨̧̨̡̢̧̢̨̡̡̡̢̧̧̛̛̛̠͓̠͎͎̼̳̭͖̬̼̻̝͎͇̰̳̘̗͍̗̤̤̖͖̞̪̯̞̪̘̯̳̥͉͍̼̹̪̣̰͙̳͚̯̮̤͖̝̱̬͓͖̮̱̩̖̦̥̻̪͕͈̺̫͙͖͍̩̙̖̘̭̩͕̠̹͇̱̝̳̜̥̩̗̬̼̞̥̲̮̭̦͖̝̬͙̬͉͍̱̦̰̱̙̘͉̖̜͓̮̼̝̫̠̯̥̯̖͔͖̭̥͕͇̲̠̖͚͕̲͖̘̲̟͇̯̟͐̍̇̂̎͒̅͐͗́̎̉͐̀̒͋̎̓͆͑̈́͑̆̒̇̾̌̅̉̿̾̈́̆̏̊̍́̈́̎̌͐̇͑̈́͊͆̆́̽́̽͛̈̏̉̂̊̕͘͘͜͝͝͝͝ͅͅͅB̴̡̧̢̢̡̡̨̧̨̨̡̨̧̢̡̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̛͚̼̹̱̠͉͔͕͈̹̫̘̭̮̠̫͖̮͇͕͈̤̣̝̳̥̝̦͔̫̯̤͈̩͎̥̺̗̼̣͙̹͍͇̹̪͉̠̰̮̣̩͈̖̮̬̬̦͕͕͕̞͈̱̹͈̺̝̬̥̻͖̠̣̙̥̖̖̰̮̦̩̲̠̠̩͕̳͈̗͕̠͓͎͍̰̣͍̘̪̳͓̣̈́̈̋͊͐͋͛͌͌̆͌̆͛̈́̽́́̒̎̋̈̋͗̿͆͊̿̀͐̔̈́͂̓́̑̎̐̓̇̉̐̋̂̅̽͌͊̔̔̀̈͒̑̾̏̇̀͊́̑̈́͊̃͌̈́̄̈́̎̽̍̌́̓̀̓̓͒̎͒̅̾́̋̏̆͆̿̇̈̀̀̓̃̆͊̌̀̿͆̅̽̉͑̈́̀͛̓͒̈̇͑̈͊̀̌͌̄̿͒̈́̀̅̍͌̑̓̔̋̈́̑̈̇̅̀̔̾̔͋̀͆͒̉́̉̌͂̌͂̅́̈͋̈̈́̈́̀̅̀̍͛́̉̂͑̃̇̈́̿̉̈́́̈́̂͋̾͛̀͐͊̎̀̈̌̾͒͊͌͊͛͗̾̈́̓͛̓͂̈́̊̾͌̄̆̋͒̉͊̓̓̋͑̽̓̌́̎̇̔̊̀̈́̋̾̽͑̾͊̇̽̿̋̑͊̐̑̈́͐̉̓̅̂̏́̈́̀̆͂̅͐͗̌̀͌̚̕̚͘̚͘͘̚̕̚͘̕͘͘̕͘̕͘̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͝͠͝͝͝͝͝͝ͅͅÂ̸̷̡̨̧̧̨̡̢̨̨̨̧̢̡̡̡̡̧̨̨̢̢̛̛̛̛̛̛̛̬͚̼͕̠̠̦̩̩̘͓͎̰̗͖̭̤̙̭̞͖̫̙̙̩̭̖̲̻̥̲͔̫̰̥̲͕̺̼̫̥̜̰̲͚̖̯̲̯̙̯̟͉͇̼̦͕̠̪̭̹̳̞̦͔͕̗̖̩̫̩͕͉̫͖͓̳̮̻̪͔͎̳̰͍̰̞͖̩͖͓̝͚̮̪̻̤̯̬͇̮͈̺̮͙͖̻͔͎͎͚̟̼͓̥̰̟̟͚͍̯͔̭͉̭̘̻̠̞̻̹͙͙̺̞̣̳̰̩̜̻͈̞̦͙͚̩̗͖̞͔͚̭͉͇̳̗̪̺̰͚̥̘͉̗̻͎̙̼̫̜̱̯̰̱̝̹̞̪̘̳̪̳̳͚̦̰̥̫̳͇͈͙̱̟͎̠̥̤̟̫͕̺̬̝̬̮̼̲͉̞̗̟̘̫͚͍͓͇̟̜̻̰̳̝̜̠͚̙̻̟͉̮̹͎̣͍͚̠̗̭̠͙̜̭̳̩̯̱͔̟̘͇̼̭͔͓͍͔̮̙͔̻͈̟̮̱̍̅͐̈̃̾̏̀̑̂̉̑͒͌͐̈́̈́͐͊̌͊̎́͑̔̍̓͐̈́͊̑͛͛̑̏̊̒̇̿͊̔̔̌̊̀́̋͑̄̊̈́́̈́̋̇͊̀̿͑́̈́̂͛̏͗̅̄̋̓̈́̾̂́̀͐̇͌̓͐͐̂̍͗̓͂́͐̒̓͐̉̍͌͂ͨ͐͛̓͂͗̃̀͌̃̾̏̔̌̒̍̓̋̉̑͛̆̆̒̄̔̓͒̔̈́͊͌̔̒̿̆̒́̿͒̄͂̓̆̒̂͂̿̌̀̌͐̉̽̃̽͂̍̾̈̿͆̄̾̀͑͑͐́͋̏̽͋̀͆͋̃̀̽͐͂́̽̑̿̓͑̿̈́̐̇̓̀̈́͘̚̕͘̕̚͘̚̕̕̕̚͘̕̕͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͜͝͝͝͠͝͠͠͝͝͠͝͝͝ͅͅͅͅͅͅͅD̵̨̧̧͍̭̗̭̩̝̯̪͉̦͎̞̭̥̤͉̣͍̗̱̗̭͚͈̘̋͋͗̔̾̂̔̇͛̂̚͜͝͠ͅ”The world very suddenly becomes a glitchy mess and *poof* Mike and CC are now back in their awakened states. 

Kytten’s Note:: Okay since this is utterly screwed here, we’re gonna go to a new page. This may look really weird on Wattpad beause we didn’t originally format this very well for Wattpad because we didn’t really know we were going to publish it there
Pankek: *Glitch noises*

































Sister Location
Mike, Oliver
---
Looking out the window in the hall, Mike realized his mistake. He’d come home late, again. Oliver’s gonna kill him. Anyways, we’ll deal with that when we come to that.
Mike silently walked over to the ‘shoe stand’ as Oliver called it, untied his shoes, and put them under said stand. He creeped into the living room, as he wasn’t sure if Oliver was asleep or not. If he was, Mike didn’t want to wake him up. Maybe he’d survive tonight after all.
Considering how he’d be at another Freddy Fazbear’s location, even a sister location, Mike didn’t think that was so likely.
He stepped into the dining room and sighed. Yeah, of course Oliver was sitting at the table. Why wouldn’t he? This was the problem with relationships, you always got in trouble with the other member.
“May I ask why you’re getting back at 9 at friggin’ night?” Oliver sounded rather tired. It made sense though, considering how Oliver had the 5:30 AM shift at the local grocery store. Why did he have to get up so early? They were struggling to make ends meet, considering how Mike kept getting fired (or he fired up the place) from all of his jobs. Oliver was having to work for most of the day, while Mike had to work most of the night. They typically really only got to talk over the phone, on Saturdays, and whenever both of them were home at the same time.
Anyways, the fact that Oliver was still up was not a good sign for Mike.
“I had a job interview today. And yeah I know it’s kinda late.”
“Which job is it for?”
“FESL.”
Oliver just stares at Mike for a couple of seconds like he’s fucking insane… which he probably is. “I thought you said you were DONE working for FazEnt?”
“I was. Until they gave me a good job opportunity at this newer facility of theirs. It’s some underground bunker-esque thing where they host birthday parties and stuff.” Mike shrugged. “And the bills are starting to stack up a bit, so… I took the opportunity. It pays well enough.”
Oliver sighs and shakes his head. “There’s another reason, isn’t there.”
Damn, he knew him too well. “Yeah. CC’s there too. And Eli.”
Oliver nods in understanding. “When do you have to be there?”
“Midnight.” Sigh.
“As to be expected. Let me guess, 6 AM?”
“No, actually, I get to come home at 4! At the latest, I mean I come home when I finish my shift.”
“So we’ll have an hour to be together in the mornings at a minimum.. Okay. I’m okay with this.” Slightly less anxious Oliver sounds.
Mike grins. “You should get to sleep soon.’
“Only if you come with me.” Grin.
Mike shrugs, then grins. “Sure, why not.”

CC, Mike, AnImAtRonICS oF fEAr (At SL)
---
“... Oh no- BonBon-” CC’s immediate reaction to waking up.
Random scurrying noises.
“W e l l  s h i t- at least im awake-”

“-It seems you had some trouble with the keypad. I see what you were trying to type and will autocorrect it for you. Welcome, Eggs Benedict.”

“wHaT? i NeVeR uSeD a KeYpAd?!”

“Ehm. Handunit, I do believe that you miss-corrected my name. It’s actually Mike.”

“W h e n  d i d  y o u  g e t  h e r e?” A very confused CC.

“About 3 minutes ago. I’m still in the elevator. ~Intercom hax~”

“How much do you intend on changing in here?”

“Not much. But I did bring more than a hand-flash-unit for night 3.”

“How do you know what is happening Night 3-”

“I have my ways. Anyway, how you doin’?” Mike refrains from thinking about F.R.I.E.N.D.S for the moment.
Silent Foxy. Hey director can you fix this?
He’s my bean you overgrown sack of potatoes.

CC has cued the music. 

Mike is heavily concerned for the bean’s safety. He’s also currently modifying his HandUnit so that HandUnit actually tells him what the fuck to do because ~snuggles await~.

“Alright anyone wanna join me? pArTy sTaRtInG iN a FeW sEcOnDs-”

Mike is seriously debating skipping the night and going back to ~semi-cold room with very warm hugs~.

CC is now looking at Mike with a stare that says “No.”

Mike shrugs. “it was worth a shot.”

CC is now yeeting himself around the vent, spinning- 
“YOUSPINMERIGHTROUNDBABYRIGHTROUND-*

Mike is staring at the child in fear.

BonBon has joined the party- The vent is being damaged-

Mike yelps a bit at the appearance of BonBon.
Minirinas have joined the party.
Anxious full-of-minirinas-Stanely-Noises. (fuck you logic and time)

CC stops spinning for a second to stare at them. Then decides it’s not worth the time to critizize them for shit- I t s  s p i n n i n g  t i m e-

Mike pulls a Jacksepticeye, cuts a hole in the vent, creeps past GLaDOS, and escapes into the non-safe area of the magical Control Module.

Sad CC noises. 

Thunks into the ground. No cell service down here… Nervous Mike. If Oliver tried to contact him while he was down here…
...and if he got stuffed into a suit...

He would be sent to night 4- 

-where he would get to suffer for 3 minutes because this is pre-patch-

-exactly. 

Mike is going to have a bad time.

“dOnT wOrRy- yOu DoNt CaNoNicAllY dIe tHeRe-” CC is getting dizzy-

“Then stop spinning!”

“N E V E R- I  W I L L  S P I N  U N T I L  I  D I E  A G A I N-” cue throwing up-

Cue mike being a good brother and returning, with a trashicani.

Throwing up CC noises. Fleeing BonBon noises.

Mike kinda just pats the bean’s back.

“... I think I'm gud now”

Mike offers a hand for the bean to stand with.

Bean accepts.

Mike heaves the bean to feet.

Bean is on his feet

Zaps Ballora.
Ballora noises.

“... why?”

“Because yes.”

“... but why?”

Points at HandiUnit, who was just gonna make him do it anyways.

“Oh. Leapfrog.” 

‘What?” Confused Mike.

“... you would never understand.”

“Ohkay then.” Mike turns to other side and zaps the Fox.
Fox noises. Tap tap tappin’ on the, glass~.

Teleporting Fredbear Plush has joined the battle.

Mike waits for the vent to pop open and craws up towards Baby’s area. ZIPPY ZIP ZAPPITY THE BABY TO DEATH!

“... and what if I were Baby?”

“Then you wouldn’t be my little br- wait shit- Eli- I forgot about Eli-”

“M h m.” CC is now staring at Mike like he is an idiot.
He is an idiot, idiot-

Mike kinda just stares at HandiUnit waiting for him to order him to zip zap the bean.

“Shut up voice.”

Mike is wondering if he’d get docked on his pay if he zapped HandiUnit and fried the thing.

“Yes. Yes you would.” HandUnit noises.
“IT TALKS-”

“Yeah, yes it do.” Mike glares down at the thing.

Does anyone care if I possess it?
“YES WE DO CARE NOW FUCK OFF.”
Shadow bonnie fucking off noises.

“Who was that? Looked like teeth.”

“What-”

“T h e r e  w a s  a  t h i n g  w i t h  t e e t h-” *Flashback*
“Oh wai

t- oh its that stupid thing- excuse my brain, it isnt functioning properly.” 

“I- okay then.” Mike shrugs a bit and listens to HandUnit for a bit, trying to figure out what he’s supposed to do.

“You are done for the day- Leave.”

“Cool. CC you staying here?”

Debating CC noises. 
“I think I dont want to stay- yeah- I dont-”

“Kay. You wanna come stay the night with Oliver and I?” *Responsible Brotherly Vibes*

“O l i v e r? Who is the bean?”

“He’s my bf.” Grin.

“Kewl. He wont mind your dead brother staying with you right?”

“Probably not.”

“Goodie. I dont need to feel aw- wait- gonna feel awkward either way- but eh-”

“He seriously won’t mind.” Elevator door slides open. Mike steps inside and holds the ‘DOOR_HOLD’ button for the other bean to step inside.

Bean cartwheels in.

Mike lets the door shut. They zoom up to the surface like the elevator is on crack.

CC is casually spinning again- 

*Long stroll later*
*They have arrived at the bean’s place*

“wE hAvE aRrIvEd!” Dramatic voice of CC.

Mike unlocks the apartment door and lets the bean inside. Oliver ~appears to be in the bedroom~.

“So! Where is your boyfriend!”

“He’s probably in the bedroom.”

“... okay I will wait for him to come downstairs then-”

“We live in an apartment, bean.”

“Iknewthat-”

Mike just rustles the bean’s hair and closes the door, flips the lightswitch on. “Oliverrrrrrr~”
“dInO-” thunk.
“... You okay?”
“yEAH- where’s the first aid kit-”
Mike kinda just facepalms, goes over to the kitchen, grabs the first aid kit, opens the bedroom door, and tosses it at Oliver. It lands in front of the bean.
Oliver grabs ~stuff~ and ~heals~. Health bar is at 70%. “Thanks.”

CC is just awkwardly standing there.

~Oliver realizes that, A) He’s not wearing a shirt, and B) there’s a smol bean.~
~Throws blanket over self.~

“H i.”

“Hi. Who the hecc-” Muffled Oliver sounds. He emerges from the blanket cocoon with a shirt on.
“That would be CC.”

“H i.”

“Are you okay?” ~Cue Mike and Oliver staring at each other because they said the same exact thing at the same exact time, AGAIN~

CC just stands there regretting his decision.

“There’s ice cream in the freezer.” Again, ~Cue Mike and Oliver staring at each other because they said the same exact thing at the same exact time, AGAIN~

Ice cream isnt trustworthy. Stuffed… magic teleporting thing noises.

Oliver hand CC chocolate. “Is Chocolate trustworthy?”

CC is struggling. “.. this kinda looks like those movies where a child gets lured by ice cream.”

“I’m standing right here, bean.” Protective Mike.
“Dino’s right there. He won’t let me hurt you even if I wanted to. anYwAY, hAVE SomE choCoLaTe wHilE I gO TAlK tO tHE mAnGER AboUT mAyBe hAViNG heAT tHIS moNTH.”

“Fine. Also- Why do you call Mike Dino?”

“That’s a long story.” Mike kinda just shrugs. Stupid reasoning.

“I mean- there is time-” 

“We live in Dino Creek Apartments and it was my idea to live here. Actually the past few places I’ve found for us to stay in have had ‘Dino’ in the name.”

“Oh. So you are cursed with the name ‘Dino-”

“Yeah.”

CC is just casually eating the ice cream. 

Mike is seriously wondering why the bean said no to ice cream and then stole it anyways. He kinda just steps out of the bedroom, closes the door, and flops down on the couch. He clears a space for the bean.
Oliver has returned. “He said that unless we don’t want plumbing then we get to deal with having no heat. So I decided that water was important and didn’t say anything since we can’t afford bottled water.”

“Whut?”

Oliver kinda just looks at the bean. “We want water, we get no heat.”

CC is debating on whether to comment on the fact that Mike’s previous jobs went up in flames- literally-

Oliver is already aware of this fact. But he would prefer having a home to be in.

“Well- Mike does have a history with fire-”

“I am already aware of this.”

“He can just  m a k e  f i r e.”

Cue Oliver staring at Dino. “How easily.”
“...easily enough. But I didn’t want to burn down the apartment...”

“He made a bomb.”

Oliver wheezes. “WHA-”
“It’s a long story.”

“tO bE fAiR- iT wAs ReQuEsTeDiSh-”

“Is that why the McDonalds is still on fire???” Oliver staring at ~the bean~.

Insert Susie noises- “Y u p”

Oliver kinda just sits down. “Okay then. AnYwAY. F I R E ?”
Mike waddles over to le fireplace-esque thing. Fire has been created. Table has caught fire.
Fire has been put out.

“... You could say he knows how to make fire- just not a controlled one-”

“No kidding. Anyway. Heat. We have heat again.” *H U G*
*H U G  B A C K*

*Brainfreeze*

Mike hands CC a glass of warmish water between hugs.

*c h u g*

Mike notes that the entire fucking thing of ice cream has vanished.

Oliver notes that it’s time for him to go to work. Final hug for now and gO-.

“He knows im dead right?”

Oliver kinda just slowly turns around. “What? How can you be dead if you’re right here…?”
“It’s logic. Blame SC.”
 Oliver looks over at Dino for some help. “explAIN?”
Mike shrug.
“It’s called Shit From a Really Long Time Ago!”
Oliver nods. “Yea I get that. Anyway I gotta go or I’m gonna get fired.” Out the door.
Well that was interesting.
“Shut up Fredbitch.”
Mike staring at the child.
You never told him about it?
“Told me about what.”
“Fredbitch speak one more time and you are going in the fireplace.”
*Silence*
Mike is kinda just staring at the smol bean.
CC is giving the Stuffed Demon a death stare.
Mike follows CC’s gaze to the ‘Stuffed Demon.’ “wTF-”
“This is the thing that stalked me and ditched me. It lives now because apparently that is yes?”
“Okay.” Mike is staring daggers at the tiny little flammable object.
“Yeah. Bye hoom!”
Oliver slinks out the door, closes it, then *lock*.
“... I am debating throwing this thing in the fire anyways.”
I would rather not-
“Shush.”
“Ehm. So why do you exist?”
Because I can? 
“That’s not a good enough reason.” Mike has gotten up to go get some ~toast~.
Don't blame the thing for existing. Blame the creator.
“Whose the creator. aNd IF yOU sAy dAd- oR hENRY-”
Seems you know.
“Oh I swear to god- if he wasn’t already in that suit he’d be in ~danger~.”
“I thought he was in danger either way?”
“I’d rather he don’t consume my feet. Only animatronics do that- and cannibals- but any cannibal I encounter has died shortly afterward- for unrelated reasons...”
How many have died? Let me rephrase that. How many times did you end up like your father? 
“I said it was for unrelated reasons.” Mike shrugged. “Wasn’t me.”
What are those :sporkle: reasons :sporkle:
Waves in the general direction of Luci.
. . . Fair enough.
“hOw FaR aWaY iS oLiVeR?”
“Probably not very but if he’s not already at work he’s late so he’s probably hauling ass.”
“. . . alright. What are we gonna do for now?”
“Sit around, talk, and try to not pass out?” Mike suggests.
Kill some kids?
Mike just stares at Luci.
“Is that Dad?”
“No.”
“Sounds like him-”
“It does but it isn’t him I know this for a fact.”
“Are you gonna sleep?”
“s-” *snoring*.
CC debating if he is actually sleeping or not. *Poke*
Mike has no response whatsoever.
CC has decided he is asleep.
~To the NEXT NIGHT~
Mike yeets himself off of the couch and looks at the clock. Damn. “cCCCCCCC-”
“W h a t?”
“We’Re GOnnA bE lATE-”
Serves you right for trying to get some sleep.
“hE iS wOrKiNg tHe NiGhT sHiFt- hE wIlL sLeEp-”
Mike just grabs a snack, shoves his shoes on, and clicks the lights that WERE LEFT ON FOR MOST OF THE NIGHT off. Unlocc the door.
CC is vibing to eXoTiC bUtTeRs-
Mike kinda just puts the bean on his bacc and sprints- runs back lock door and then runs back to ~job~.
~T h e y  a r r i v e~
“hI kAreN cAn I pleASe hAVe ACcESS tO thE faCIliTY?”
“sIR, I dO BElIVe YOU’RE tREssPassIng ON prIvaTE pROpeRTY.”
“hE iSnT- hE iS thE tEk dOOd-”
“sIR GET OFF THE hoRSeS bACk.” Karen points from CC to the ground, then to the holding cell.
Well I dont like her.
LEt”S mAUl hER! Luci nods towards the flammable object and yeets himself at the Karen’s face.
Have fun- 
Karen peels the tiny demon off her face and tosses it into the trash. “Sir I do believe your cat is feral. Anyway, he’s not a problem anymore.”
“That wasnt a cat- that is not a cat-”
“And if it were a cat, H E H , you wouldn’t be standing- anyway.” *Punch punch the bitch because she’s not cooperating* Take keycard and r u n.
Luci ya gud? Small demon? 
Luci yeets himself out of the trash can and shoves a kleenex down the bitche’s throat.
Mike grabs the demon and goes. “Anyways, when she wakes up she won’t remember a thing because ~memory is shit and drugs~.” Swipe the kard and press the button. Sit while we go down because ~it takes forever~.
“... how much would you hate me if I played the Exotic Butters remix in here-”
Mike points towards the AUX_AUDIO_IN dock that Mike installed for phones. “Sure go ahead.” Mike is just looking down at his phone and his cell service gradually getting weaker. GOOD THiNG HE WAS BECAUSE OLIVER HATH MESSAGE HIM- Mike and Oliver are now texting back and forth.
*Exotic Butters remix intensifies*
Mike’s cell service has dropped out. Wifi is also unavailable.
CC is questioning if there is a way to play a spotify playlist in Mike’s apartment- through a speaker-
Mike is seriously wondering if CC really missed:
A) The speakers scattered around the apartment
B) The Phone Dock In THe Kitchen.
Anyway, Mike hopes CC doesn’t notice.
fORgIvE hIm fOr nOt iNsTanTlY lOoKiNg ArOuNd-
“Whut?”
Mike was questioning you-
“How did you know that PfFB-”
Because I can- its called :sparkle: being a little shit :sparkle: Besides- yOu kNeW wHaT hE wAs ThInKiNG-
“Yeah but only because of Luci.”
aNyWaYs- You should tell Oliver. 
“Yell Oliver what.”
T e l l, not Y e l l, and the shit with CC-
“FUCK- and what am I supposed to say, ‘yeah by the way my brother’s dead because I shoved his face into an animatronic in ‘83?’”
Your fault for not telling him before. And yes, that is exactly what you should say. Just maybe bring up the fact that you were drunk- iF tHaT wIlL hElp-
“This is going to be so much fuN-”
Dude it is your fault. Entirely.
Nodding Flammable Stuffed Demon.
The elevator lurches to a stop. Lights go out and the doors slam open.
*Angsty Teen noises*
Mike flips the switch on the back of his HandUnit to ‘OFF’.
awWwWwwWWWWw- dOnT lIkE tHe aNgStY tEeN?
“Do you really want to listen to him again?”
Sure- its getting bor-
“No- he doesnt-”
Luci yeets himself into the vent. Mike follows.
“wAs tHe vEnT cLeAnEd?” CC from the entrance of the vent-
I consumed the dead bodies. So yes.
“I meant from when I threw up- Did you consume my vomit?”
“Yea. It’s clean.”
No- 
CC is starting into the vent.
“You consumed my vomit?”
NO-
CC does not believe- but is in the vent now.
ZAp BalLoRA.
Possessed murderer noises.
“I wanna zap one- fOrGivE mE- CoNTrOllEd SHocK-”
Mike points out the fact that he hooked up a generator to the zappers. “It’s less controlled than you may think.”
“I still dont know why it is a ‘controlled’ shock- other than to make it sound better than it is-”
“I dunno. Anyway, I upped the voltage by about 50x. But go ahead.”
“... why did you up the voltage?”
“I’ll need it later.”
“... alright-” Z a p.
Skitter up towards Baby, do shit, then stuff all the beans under the desk.
SeE? gOoD pRaCtIcE- spoop voice.
Slide the panel closed while we wait for the dude to tell them to go do shit manually-
HU is off. Canonically and here.
Mike turns HU’s switch back to ‘HELL YEA!’.
HandUnit proceeds to tell him he will be offline. :>
“U S E F U L .” Hold the door thing closed.
“Is there something to punch in the face?”
Mini baby thing eyeball peeking through one of the holes.
“Yes.”
*P u n c h*
shE hATesSS USSSSS-
“SHE?”
“... Mike what do you have with you? I wanna dismantle it.”
Mike opens portal in the back of the chamber, yeets through, and points to the shelves upon shelves of tools.
*s n a t c h*
Mike crawls back through and makes sure the BiddyBab’s power switch is down towards ‘OH SHIT MY END IS NEAR!’.
“Y o u  w a n n a  r e w o r d  t h a t?”
SHE FUCKS USSSSS-
“.. Circus Baby?”
You, idiot.
“... dO i ReAlLy LooK lIkE a GiRl?” Staring at Mike.
“nO?”
hE fuCKs US iN ThE mIDdlE OF THE nIGHt hEEEEELLLlLLlP-
It is Mike’s turn to stare at CC-
CC is staring right back-
Mike kinda just slides the thing open and kicks the MiniBab thingy in the face.
yEEEEEEEEEEEE-
Mike is staring at the thing. “Is it okay?”
No, no it’s not. Luci noises.
*B o n k  t h e  b i t c h e s*
Mike kicks another one that was trying to consume CC. “hAnDUnIT We”ve bEEn WAiTIng fOR YOU tO Come BaCk sCREeEEEeeE-”
shE’S waTCHinG uS lET’S gO- *They yeet away*
“Yey they are gone-”
*Loud HandUnit noises*
Mike yeets himself through the vent.
CC follows.
Mike yeets himself at the vent cover expecting it to open. Since HandUnit hasn’t said ‘deactivating’ yet, he just faceplants into the cover. “jUST oPEN-”
“i wILL be DEAcTiVAtinG aND sHiT-”
Cover pops open and Mike yeets himself through, landing on his feet in a crouch. ~Mouse noises~
“What now?”
I cAN hEAR SomEoNE CreEpiNG thROUGh mY rOOM-
*H I S S*
Mike activates ~noise bombs~ scattered throughout the room.
sCREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE- I wiLL ComMiT sTAB-
CC is attempting to not crawl back- 
Cue flashbangs. And Mike shoving the bean forward as fast as he can.
I WILL CONSUME YOUR TOES- Animatronic noises from behind them.
fLAShBAnGS TrIGGER-
fAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK-
CC has literally shut his eyes and yeeted himself at the door. He has now faceplanted into the door.
Mike yeets himself at the door, misses, and crashes through the wall instead. GoOd eNoUGH-
*Nightmare shoving his face through the fuckin’ wall vibes*
“L i f e  i s  p a i n.”
Mike is now committing attempted power restore. He’s waiting for ~the other writer~ to make FF be a ~bitchy birthday boi~
B I R T H D A Y  B O I-
Mike yeets BonBon at FF.
… wait that’s illegal- SIR THAT IS MY JOB- NOT YOURS-
Screechy Mike. Yeet BonBon hARDER, fAsTER, FARTHER-
I WILL NOT HESITATE TO BREAK THE POWER SHIT BIRTHDAY HOOM!
“it’s not my birthday.” Click clICK-
CC having regrets in the corner.
WHEN IS YOUR BIRTHDEY THEN-
“CC you gud little one?”
“I am absolutely concerned-”
“sOmETIme iN MArCH- and sorry- whAT ShOULd I dO-”
. . . GUESS WHAT IT IS YOUR EARLY BIRTHDAY BURTHDEH BOI-
“Okay fine whatever idgas.”
NOW STOP MAKING THE BEEPING NOISES ITS FUCKING ANNOYING-
“But I’m trying to restore power…?”
S T O P  D O I N G  T H A T
Stfu- 
I WILL NOT HESITATE-
:)
Nevermind- 
“What you talk bout over there.’ A_ Grabbmnar died B_ Mike panykn no pankaek attenptionp. Mike is busy reading the thing on the screen that says “plEAse PrESs thE STARt ButtON.”
PLEASEEEEEEEEEEEE-
No.
PLEASSSSSSSSSSSEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-
N-
*yeeting intensifies*
*crashing into the back of the power shit intensifies*
The panel is ~broken~
FUCK YOU FREDDY-
Mike sighs, bends down, and grabs rando wires. Jam them together and hope nothing explodes.
*mini explosion*
Mike is trying to not laugh. “I expected that.” trying to find the correct wires.
Hey no- I like that it shut up- dont get it to start again- just-  d o n t-
Mike has connected the correct wires. The building has power once again.
. . . fair enough. Goodnight. 
“If you’d like I can blow your fuses.” Mike lets that process for a second. “In the electrical way, I mean.” Holds up live wires.
… no- BonBon get your ass over here.
“I mean I have to deal with you later anyways, so you might was well just get turned off now.”
I SAID NO- 
“Okay. CC get over here.” Mike gestures towards ~insulated platform~. He is preparing to connect live wires to the ground in an attempt to kill the other bitch they have to get past to go home.
Freddy is a bitch and grabs CC’s arm.
NO- I SAID  N O-
Mike pries CC away from the animatronic and shoves the live wires into it. “DIE MOTHERFUCKER DIE DIE DIEEEEE-”
Freddy yeets BonBon in the way because he is :sporke: a bitch that refused to die. :sporkle: He is now running
Mike kinda just grabs BonBon from the air, sets him down, and yeets wires into Freddy’s ass. They melt there and begin ~uncontrolled shocks~ delivered through the ass every second.... at the very least that’s gonna melt the plastic ass and at most gonna fry the dude. Mike is hoping it fries the dude. Just in case he dances over to BonBon and boops the bowtie.
Freddeh and BonBon be ded now- and half of tomorrow’s work is done- 
Mike is just glad he won’t have to deal with BonBon being an ass tomorrow.
CC is already on his way out- he is absolutely sick of Funtime Freddy. 
Mike scrambles after CC. “fuCk THiS joB-”
“You’re the one that thought it was a good idea-”
“WE NEED THE MONEY-”
I CAN HEAR YOU IDIOT-
“SHUT UP BALLORA- S H U T  U P-”
I hEAR A mOUSe. I wILl eAT.
“I aint a mouse- Im a child. I promise there is a difference-”
Mike is attempting to pry open the security vent to the Control Module open, because it got locked. Somehow.
Skittering Ballora feet behind them growing ~closer.~
CC smaccing the wrench against the floor while running around like a maniac noises.
Mike decides that he can invent on the run. He follows CC while trying to build a mini robot. He needs to stop and sit down for a bit to do this.
CC continues to run around in the dark. CC has the urge to yeet himself at the spoopy bitch.
Mike skitters over to one wall and begins to wire up the little robot.
CC decides it’s a terrible idea and does it anyways. He has just yeeted himself and smacced the wrench against her face. 
Ballora is attempting to consume the child. And kind of succeeding.
Mike has yeeted his little suicide bot off into the darkness and screeches for CC to get the fuck off Ballora.
CC is now trying to get Ballora to let go of his aRm.
Ballora’s ARM proccessor (yes she runs on Linux shut the fuck up) has frozen and has let go of the arm. She won’t stay frozen for very long though because her Linux distro has crashed and is now trying to restart.
CC is officially off of Ballora and yeeting himself away.
The little bot is currently blasting fire at Ballora. Mike has yeeted over to the door thing and is attempting to open it. The bot is now charging up a set of C-4 EMP bombs. When that goes boom they ReALLY don’t want to be in the building. The bomb won’t really do any actual damage, just scar the ground a little, but they don’t want to be in the building because unprotected electronic equipment will be fried in the explosion. Cue rapid beeping and a little voice screeching, “OH FUCK OH FUCK ARE YOU SERIOUSLY GONNA USE ME AS A SUICIDE BOMBeR?”
“TF IS THAT- sUiCiDe BoMbEr?! MIKE?! WHAT DID YOU DO THIS TIME?!”
“bAD THiNGs wE goTTA gO-”
“Have fun when I tell ya boyfren about today’s experience-” 
“yeA yEA-” Grab the bean and fucking SPRINT- through the veNT, iNTo THE elEvAToR, rApIDLy smAsh thE uP buTToN unTil thE elevAtoR yEEtS uP.
“... you’re absolutely crazy-”
“Nah, it’s ju-”
Boom down below.
“Well shit it wasn’t supposed to go off for another 25 seconds.”
Elevator lights flicker out and the elevator grinds to a halt.
“Well shit-”
“Oh great. Why didnt we stick to the plan where we yeet ourself into a vent and get to the other side?”
“I have no idea. Anyway.” Mike pulls out his phone. He has less than a bar of cell service, so… maybe he can send a text message. “Oh right CC sorry your phone’s totally dead, it’s not shielded like mine is. I’ll fix it later. And upgrade the shielding.” Shruggo. Mike has sent text to Oliver. “AnD nOw wE wAIt.” Mike is attempting to access Spotify. On 1 bar of 27g cell service. Yes. 27g.
“yOuR fAuLt fOr mAkInG aNoThEr BoMb-”
“If I haden’t you’d be ded.” music is now -barely- spewing from Mike’s phone. The signal keeps dropping out.
“For one- I probably shouldn’t even be here- I am already dead and logic broke and I am here- s e c o n d- She let me go- I could have just continued running around- sO nO- I wOuLdNt bE dEaD?”
“Okay ye you got me there. Oh hey Oliver’s on his way to rescue our asses.”
“You say that like this is normal.”
Mike just stares at CC like ‘yeah it is normal because I’m a smart idiot.’
CC is facepalming.
After a long bit of waiting, Oliver has arrived. Tapping on the roof of the still elevator. “i brOuGhT doNuTS.”
“YoU cAmE pRePaReD!”
“And I got a ladder too-” the elevator access hatch hath popped open. Ladder yeets down.
“How many times has this happened? You seem a little too prepared-”
“Once or twice. Not too many times.”
“wHy aRe yOu sO pRePaReD foR tHiS? Is he just a chaotic idiot all the time?”
“Nah but I’ve had my fair share of moments where wild assholes have kidnapped him.”
“I would like to hear this story.”
“He got kidnapped a year ago ish by some random dude named Vox. You may or may not know him.”
“... I dont remember a Vox.”
“He wasn’t nice, that’s for sure.”
“Let’s just go, the elevator should start working in the next 20 minutes. I don’t want to be in here when it tries to smoosh us.”
CC is climbing up le wall.
Mike stares at the bean, then looks at the ladder two feet to the bean’s left. He climbs that.
CC has been officially labeled a spider/gecko.
Mike has reached the top. Oliver has scampered up the wall just like CC. Why is everyone in Mike’s family a fucking spider-
The elevator has dropped down. Backup power in the building appears to be almost depleted.
CC yelps. Then he starts hissing at the dropping elevator. 
The elevator shaft emergency access hatch (WHICH IS STUPIDLY BEING HELD OPEN PURELY BY ELECTRICAL MOTORS I MEAN SERIOUSLY WHAT IDIOT-) slams shut since the backup batteries appear to be completely depleted now.
CC is screeching in Im About To Die Again, and Not In A Fire.
Mike is just trying to figure out if balsa wood can stop an elevator mid-fall. Oh wait he has steel on him ah yes let’s jam that here, mount it to the elevator roof thing (he’s on top of the elevator while Oliver is inside the elevator with CC-) and jam it against the wall. 
Rapid loud screeching from the elevator. “oLYSHITHOLYSHITHOLYSHITOLYSHITTTTTT_” They are still falling.
More screeching CC.
Mike remembers that this elevator was required to have an emergency STOP! lever (patents pending). YANK THAT MotHerFUCKER HARD. The very thicc and chomk steel bars snap out and slam against the wall, and the FRICTION!GENERATORs on the bars are now busy jumpstaring the backup generator in the elevator (so it can re-activate the electromagnets in the elevator.) Since the electromagnet rails in the elevator shaft are currently stuck in EMERGENCYSTOP mode (aka the electromagnets are in manual mode, meaning they won’t try to move the elevator along the rails, and are only being used to keep the elevator at a stop.) It’s all very complicated.
The elevator has screeched to a stop. Now that the elevator is completely stopped, those steel bars are holding it completely still. The backup generator in the elevator has shut down, all of the magnets have deactivated (even the ones in the elevator shaft). All is completely silent, except for the faint creaking and groaning of the bars straining against the sheer weight of the elevator. Anywho, it’s pretty damn quiet.
“...are you guys okay?” Mike is kinda shaken (he came *this* close to getting his arm chopped off by that damned bar).
“Im not double dead? So I think so?”
“Indeed not.” Oliver spiders his way down the wall. “We’re still alive. Anywho let’s see if we can get the elevator moving again.”
“You expect me to fix it for you, don’t you.”
“Yes, yes I do.”
“Iamnevertakingtheelevatoragain- Idunwanatakeitagain-” CC casually remembering panik is a thing- 
“I’ll make the elevator much better when I’m done with it. This only happened because of some shoddy USB-B connector failing...” Mike is currently tearing out the older computer control system for the elevator and a lot of the safety equipment that was mounted on top. Yes, he knows what he’s doing, shut the fuck up.
“Should I get out of here before you blow up the elevator?”
“I’m not gonna blow up the elevator, I’m just-” spark noises. The elevator is now rocketing up towards the surface. “THERE WE GO-” Mike drops into the elevator.
CC is panik again- why must it yeet itself- that’s his job-
They have arrived on the depart station. Oliver yeets himself out.
Mike follows.
CC has run past a wild asshole- and is just hoping he remembers the way back to Mike’s place because he dun wanna be there for another moment-
Mke, 5 minutes later, just unlocks the door and steps inside the apartment. There appears to be a CC-shaped hole in his wall now.
Oliver is concerned. “CC, ya gud?”
“Y   u   p.”
Mike looks through the pile of shit in the one corner and finds ~solid titanium~. Mount that to the wall until they can get someone to go fix the wall for them. GOOD ENOUGH.
I think he broke. Even after all hes been through, he finally broke- Idontgetthischild-
“Shutupfredbear-”
Oliver is staring wide-eyed at the bear that has appeared.
Hi. Im the plush that has stalked CC since… a really long time-
Oliver turns to CC very slowly. “Uh-”
“Dont mind him. Hes just a thing.”
Mike grabs the plushie and yeets him into the bathroom.
“Yup. Problem solved.”
Angry Fredplush noises-
Mike looks over to CC. “Do you care if I zap it?”
“Nope. Just dont kill it. I want it to die when I die again.”
“AGAIN?” Oliver’s eyes are huge.
“WEWENTOVERTHISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS” CC has flung imself at the wall. 
Cellular Motion Damping fields have stopped CC from plunging through the wall. CC is put down on the couch.
“... BUTIWANNAYEETMYSELFATTHEWALLLLLLLLLLLLLLLLL” CC is attempting yeeting himself- 
He is being held down.
Mike has plugged a big device into the wall outlet, releasing little stabbers from the side. He jammed them into the bear. He turned on the device. The bear is now getting constantly zapped with 25v 2a of electricitiy.
CC gave up on yeeting himself- for he is attempting kalm- 
Mike is waiting for a response from the plushie. Turn up the voltage!
The plushie is silent. Then it poofs into a different dimension.
Mike blinks.
The two electrified prongs fall onto eachother. The fuse in the device has blown.
Plushie has returned to CC- much smirk.
The plushie is immediately shocked with 3000 amps for a brief second. Definitely enough to cause medical issues but probably not long enough of a zap to kill the thing..
P o o f i n g  P l u s h
Oliver is watching te chaos.
Mike kinda just sits down with a sigh.
Stop tryna zap meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-
“N E V E R.” The bear is being constantly zapped with 5v 2a now.
I WILL NOT HESITATE TO EXPOSE YER SECRETS- S T O P  Z A P P I N G  M E-
“What secrets are you referring to?” 
:sporkle: ‘83 :sporkle:
Mike has stopped zapping the bear.
T h a n k  y o u. The plush has returned.
Oliver is staring at Mike quizzically. “What happened in ‘83?”
“Doesn’t matter.”
Oliver does not believe Mike. “beAR tELL mEEEEEEE-”
I have a feeling that if I do im going to get zapped, so I will save it for when I am not in danger. 
“You’re gonna have a hard time getting that thing off of you.”
Oliver has sat down next to Mike and has turned on the TV. Kodi is refusing to work. *Grab the laptop and try to get YouTube to work*.
If you want answers- just get the shit off of me- tHeN nO dAnGeR-
“No.” Mike points out to Oliver that the Kodi control panel isn’t running on the laptop.
Im not asking you Mike. 
“I don’t take orders from you.”
Cue Oliver getting cold and leaning against Mike.
Mike has adjusted the way he’s sitting so he doesn’t fall over.
Oliver is content.
CC please help me- 
“wHy wOuLd I dO tHaT-”
. . . I have no idea. You are a good person?
“... Im not- but you can believe that-”
I wont yeet Nightmare into existence?
“yOu’D bE dOiNg yOuRsElF a fAvOr iDiOt-”
Mike and Oliver are watching this interaction like wtf is happening.
The heads still havent rolled yet- i CaN cHaNgE tHaT-
“That means you will suffer.”
I can poof away.
“... I will throw you into the fire.”
nOt iF I lEaVe fIrSt-
The bear has been paralized and can no longer poof.
oI fUcK yE-
“You’re welcome.”
I WILL SUMMON THE NIGHTMARE- lEmMe pOoF- oR nIgHtMaRe- Fredplush is slowly losing it.
“You can’t summon Nightmare either.”
I can try- icantry- i  c a n  t r y- if Susie can summon Henry- i  c a n  s u m m o n  N o o t m a r e-
The bear has been completely paralized including ~talking~.
Angry plush.
“tHiSiSfInE-”
The plush has been unparalyzed.
EOIA- oh I can talk-
Mike realizes that Oliver is slep. “Well shit.” Mike is now attempt to sleep. He is successful.
Plush is now attempting summoning a wild Nootmare while CC is getting foods.
Nightmare partially forms, says, “I wAS IN thE miDDle oF sOMeTHiNG wiTH fREddY-” and then immediately shuts up, realizing how that sounds. He has fully appeared.
Welcome. You are here for no absolute reason. Now according to the rules Phone bitch is gonna take you away soon- 
Several laser cannons drop from the ceiling, then turn on targeting lasers, which all center on Nootmare, and are now beeping shrill warnings at the bean.
NOOTMARE  F L E E- 
Nightmare refuses to flee. YOU SUMMONED ME I REFUSE TO LEAVE.
Fredplush has yeeted Nootmare away. Location: S i s t e r- 
Nightmare has yeeted himself back.
One of Mike’s AIs has disarmed the AI screaming, “DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIE DIEEEEEEEEEEEEEE-” The lasers have been disarmed and have retracted into the ceiling.
“... so that’s why he’s broke-”
“No, I mostly deconstructed broken animatronics to build the moving bits and just bought lots of handheld laser pointers and NERF guns. I cranked up the output of the laser pointers so they can set stuff on fire and blow up shit and stuffs. I just need the NERF guns to look meanacing.”
“You’re dangerously obsessed with fire-”
“This is not new information.”
“It doesnt need to be. Im just pointing it out again.”
“Mhm. Anywho, getting shot with one of those is gonna hurt a lot.” Wait Mike is supposed to be asleep- *CONTINUITy ERROR OOPS* Mike is sleep again. Crisis averted.
“Anyways. I see you summoned Nightmare. Want icecream?”
Nightmare nods. I’ll take some rocky road, if you have any.
“Lemme check.” CC has walked away again.
… well this doesnt feel like reality- 
Kid, when in this entire Google Doc has it seemed like the reality we come from.
1: Im not a kid. Im a plush. 2: … fair enough it hasnt- but this really messed up reality is even more messed- ya know what- n e v e r m i n d- WhAt wErE yOu doInG wITh FrEdDy?
Nightmare shrugs. Whatever it looked like, we were trying to kill all of the rats in CC’s home, wherever that is.
“Its called a nightmare. My nightmare house. With transparent cabinet doors apparently-” He has given him the rocky road icecream.
Nightmare has accepted the ice cream and shrugs. Kid, it’s your nightmare, you’re the one who came up with it.
But CC didn- Voice from the aether.
SHUT UP I AM SUPERIOR. Nightmare has yeeted himself through a portal.
“... bYe?”
Nightmare has yeeted himself back.
“hI?”
Bitches needed a slappin’.
Oliver has awoken 2 minutes before he needs to be at work. He has vanished. Mike is now awake.
*Four minutes later*
Oliver shoves his face through the door. “whO tEH fuCC-”
“Meet Nightmare. A nightmare that I created while dying.”
Nightmare hath turn to Oliver and waves. Odd static noises.
STAHP IMITATING ALASTOR FOR GOD”s SAKE-
Nightmare has yeeted a certain plushie through a portal at Foxy’s face. Since the Fox is again trying to beat Expert+ he don't catch it.
Plush has yeeted itself back. exCuSeEE mEE?
The assembly lineKeeps on churning until we are oneNightmare by design~ Oh you’re back.
Oliver is gone again.
Mike has passed out again. Please for the love of god Nightmare fuck off so we can skip to the next night-
Anyways- s l e e p o v e r?
Nightmare agrees to slepovr.
Mike agrees even though he’s asleep.
TILL THE VERY NEXT DAY- 
Mike yeets himself over to the elevator.
Nightmare yeets with them.
“dO i hAvE tO TaKe tHe eLeVaToR-”
:Yes I fixed it for a reason.”
“iT sPaRkEd- aNd I fLeD-” 
Mike picks up the bean and walks onto the elevator.
Screeching bean.
Elevator calmly dives down into the abyss.
V
V
V
V
Flashback:
aNyWaYs- You should tell Oliver. 
“Yell Oliver what.”
T e l l, not Y e l l, and the shit with CC-
“FUCK- and what am I supposed to say, ‘yeah by the way my brother’s dead because I shoved his face into an animatronic in ‘83?’”
Your fault for not telling him before. And yes, that is exactly what you should say. Just maybe bring up the fact that you were drunk- iF tHaT wIlL hElp-
“This is going to be so much fuN-”
Dude it is your fault. Entirely.
Nodding Flammable Stuffed Demon.
E n d  o  f l a s h b a c k
Mike is staring at CC. “Did you do that?”
“dO wHaT?”
“THE FLASHBACK-”
I  d i d. UvU
Mike has dropkicked the plushie. “fuCK yoUUUUUUUUUUUUUUU-”
DONT CHALLENGE ME-
Mike shrugs. “I challenge who I like.”
The plush has disappeared.
“Oh great. hEs gOnE-”
“Is this a bad thing?”
The elevator is slowing down.
“After your conversation, definitely bad.”
The elevator is moving a lot slower now.
Nightmare is concerned. Is it supposed to do that?
Mike nods. “The new system I put in place gradually slows down the elevator car. If there’s a sudden power loss, the system automatically brings the elevator to a full stop immediately.
“At least it isnt gonna drop again- r i g h t  M i k e?”
“Correct. If it’s at risk of dropping the system will sound an alarm and the system will kick on over 60 magnetic systems to bring the elevator to a stop.”
“And does the weight of combined people on the elevator matter?”
“Short answer, no.”
“... l o n g  a n s w e r?”
“It’s complicated but if we have multiple animatronics on the elevator it may be possible to overload it.”
“... does a giant nightmare animatronic count?”
“Uh, Nightmare how much do you weigh?”
Like three tons.
“Well shit. Yeah the magnets should be able to stop the eeva elevator but it’ll take like a minute.”
“... i wOnDeR iF hE cAn tUrN iNtO a pLuShIe- lIkE fOxY-”
Nightmare is immediately in Plushie form. oH FUCK YOU TOO-
“That solves so many problems. And I have no idea what I did- oH wElL-” S M I R K-
Amgry plooshie noises.
Mike shrugs. “That solves that problem I guess.”
Welcome to the world of being a plush. 
hOW tO mOVE.
Ask- nopenopeshutup- CC might kno-
“I dont.”
I have no idea. I  j u s t  c a n.
Nightmare angrily yeets himself at CC. oH HEY I CAN MOVE? TIME TO YEET AROUND! Yeet yeet yeet. This fucking plushie of Nootmare is just flinging around randomly and Mike is very concerned. Did he accidentally inhale meth or something?

If Scrappy gave him some, then probably-

SPRINGBOI ISN”T HERE RIGHT NOW. CHECK YOUR MODEM OR ROUTER AND TRY AGAIN.
YEET YEET YEET YEEET.
The elevator has slammed to a halt. Waaaaaay before it was supposed to. Mike checks the system. They’re still several hundred feet above the facility.

“If you tell me you broke the elevator-”

“IDFK.” Mike is currently hacking into the control panel.

Facepalming CC.

Mike has connected his phone to the control system and is kinda just staring at the numerous errors scrolling across his screen.

“Whydidiagreetothis- w a i t  I  d i d n t-”

“it’s fine it looks like it just froze. If I do this, we-”
*Elevator lights go out*
“-should start moving after it restarts-”
Elevator is moving again. The lights have returned to living.

“I will admit. This is terrifying.”

Mike nods. “It’s certainly not great.” Elevator lights go out again and the elevator has snapped to a stop. “SHIT-”

Should I be as scared as pre-death CC?
“Im going to try and not take that as an insult.”

“Nah, I probably just plugged something in wrong.” He taps something on his phone and the elevator hatch pops open/ He lifts himself up into the elevator shaft. He is now standing on the top of the elevator. C H E C K   T H E    W I R E S. The elevator, of course, is now dropping because the batteries ~died.~ It’s a controlled fall though. They’ll lightly bounce off of the bottom of the elevator shaft and come to a stop later.

“Is it working or are we dying?”

The elevator is now start-stop-start-stop-start-stop-start-stopping over and over very rapidly.

“Wearedyingalright- Do you still have enough internet to text your boyfren goodbye?”

Mike stares at CC pointedly while he yanks down on one of his emergency stop bars.
Elevator is now yeeting 50x faster.

*The writers got sick of this broken ass elevator. So to save everyone some time, we are skipping to night 5.*

“See this is big brain. Going into a room, sending Elizabeth to the scewper, and then following her mysterious voice. According to all of horror, this is a very good idea!”

“Yes yes, it’s a terrible idea. We all know I die in the next 5 minutes but HEY WE’RE BEING CONTROLLED BY PEOPLE WE DON’T EVEN KNOW SO WE HAVE TO GO ALONG WITH IT!”

“Ya know what- just walk in, let her have her speech, and then either walk to the side or out of the room. Wait- this is horror- you aint ever gonna do that-” CC questioning unlife decisions. 

Mike shrugs. “Y’all just dive to the side or something- for the sake of the universe and plot and shit I must die.”
“WHAT”S THIS I HEAR ABOUT YOU DYING?”

Its fine. Elizabeth ends up having regrets and brings him back to life by saying ‘You wont die’ over and over again- its almost annoying! Oh and remnant is a thing-

Oliver is staring at the bean.
Mike sighs and punches the little panel Liz is ordering him to carefully enter a code into.
i tOLD yoU tO bE cAReFul iDIOT- bALllORA fuCK oFF.

We all know Ballora aint here- just cut the act so we can just watch Mike die- 
“You’re an idiot-”
So are you-

Mike punches the control panel again. “JUST ACCEPT THE CODE MOFUKR- sorry sis-”
I don’t recognise yoU- yOU mUSt bE nEW-
“STOP QUOTING THE FUTURE GOD DAMNIT-”

“Didn’t you already say that- Sis you broken?”

Mike gives up and yeets the code into the panel.
fuCKCCCKCKCKCKKKCKckKCkckCkckCkckKCkckKCKCkKCkckCKckkKCKCkckKcKCkcKkkc Ye ye ai OM.

“Yeah okay lets get this over with. W e ‘ v e  b e e n  t h r o u g h  t h i s-”

Mike steals the data thingy, yeets it into HandUnit (who has been strangely absent *LOOKING AT YOU PANKEK-*) and jams a sword through the little green button. Liz is yeeted into the abyss.

(*Yaknow what he just wasnt important in the plot- he gave you your exotic butters- y o u  r e a l l y  w a n- ya know what?*)
function LOOP() {
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
E-E-E-E-E-E-E x o t i c  B u t t e r s.
Pankek: Multiply this by x190134. That’s how many times he says it.
Kytten: WRONG! IT LOOPS FOREVER UNTIL CHROME CRASHES OR JAVASCRIPT DIES- THE UNIVERSE IS FOREVER STUCK LOOPING THIS FOR ALL OF ETERNITY!
Pankek: I like that better.
Kytten: *Wheeze*
LOOP
}



“OH FUCK-” - Mike
OH FUCK - Liz
OH FUCK - Ballora
OH FUCK - Nootmare
“OH SHIT” - Oliver
“FUCK-” - Mike
“OH FUCK-” - Oliver.

CC has given up and is about to yeet the HandUnit into another universe. Or maybe just break it. That also works.

Mike conveniently already hacked into EVERY FUCKING HANDUNIT the night before and has fried all of them now. Problem is, since the universe is forever stuck looing up here, we never get to this point. Fuck that tho we wanna keep rping so SHADDUP WIF YER LOGGIC-.

(*Pankek: :>*)
(*Kytten: I am aware that I have just caused the entire universe in the RP to no longer exist after that point but do I seem like the kind of person who cares about that? The rest of this is for YOUR benifit AND our own so SHUT and we will pretend the universe is perfectly normal :)*)
(*Pankek: Imma just- try and fix- so we can fuckin move on- yeah lets just go back-*)

*Breaking the fabric of the universe.*
_______________________________________Universe patch- fixing the broken shit-____________________________________________

{Patch Info:
Universe version: 9999999999999999999999.0
Problems detected: idfk Logic stopped responding at this point-
}



We all know Ballora aint here- just cut the act so we can just watch Mike die- 
“You’re an idiot-”
So are you-

Mike punches the control panel again. “JUST ACCEPT THE CODE MOFUKR- sorry sis-”
I don’t recognise yoU- yOU mUSt bE nEW-
“STOP QUOTING THE FUTURE GOD DAMNIT-”

“Didn’t you already say that- Sis you broken?”

Mike gives up and yeets the code into the panel.
fuCKCCCKCKCKCKKKCKckKCkckCkckCkckKCkckKCKCkKCkckCKckkKCKCkckKcKCkcKkkc Ye ye ai OM.

“Yeah okay lets get this over with. W e ‘ v e  b e e n  t h r o u g h  t h i s-”

Mike steals the data thingy, yeets it into HandUnit (who has been strangely absent *LOOKING AT YOU PANKEK-*)(Exotic Butters. Happy?) and jams a sword through the little green button. Liz is yeeted into the abyss. Mike yeets himself through the wall.
Nootmare shoves his face up through the ground with a whOOMPH.

Pankek: … yeah this isnt working.

*insert Michael getting scooped by the spoon made for idiots.*


FNaF 6 (Pizzeria Simulator)

Mike has connected his phone to the building’s speakers. Let’s pull up his long-ass list of songs… and play, oh, Idk, ~Pain~ by Three Days Grace.
Fuck it.
High Hopes it is-

“W h y.” 

“Because I can. And we don’t have to deal with any animos.” The modem in the corner is screeching.

“... This is- Cant you play a better song? Or one that we havent listened to in the last 30 minutes?”

“Sure fine.” Mike is now playing some random song off of Bonnie’s Spoitify playlist.

Count the Ways is playing.

“... y e s-”

alL IS WELL IN THE AFTON FAMILYYYYYYYYYYYY~ wait wrong song.
Mike is staring at the plush.

“Can I just say- a l l   i s  n o t  w e l l-  a l l  i s  h e l l-”

INTHEAFTONFAMILYWEFUC-
Mike has dropkicked the plushie.

“An appropriate response.”

Nightmare has yeeted himself at CC. uP thE pANt lEG-
Mike is kinda just like ‘great’.

CC is questioning if there is anything sharp in here.

Mike points to the very sharp gopher netting over the vents *which is suspiciously got holes punched right through them*.

CC has snatched his scissors- dont question it- one must always have those on them- and decides they will work better-

Nightmare has yeeted up to *near* where CC should be smart enough to not stabb.

CC is about to do what he did to Foxy when he refused to allow them to leave FNaF 3-

Nightmare has yeeted to where CC SHOULD be smart enough to not stabb.

“Nightmare you have three seconds to get out. Or you wont exist for a day.”

Nightmare is happy where he is.
Mike is just watching like ‘oh gods’.

Nightmare has been poofed from existence. 
CC just has this fake smile on his face and twitchy eyes. Hes done with the bullshit.

Nightmare immediately reappears.

CC is about to yeet himself back outside- then he decides not to-

Nightmare decides to perch himself next to PfFB.

Demon Plush doesnt know whether to facepalm or just ignore it. 

Nightmare internally grins.

“S o  w h a t  y o u  d o i n g  M i k e?”

“I’m trying to hack into the company’s network.”

“... Im not even surprised-”

“They’re withholding info from us AND I WANNA KNOW WHY.”
Nightmare has hopped on top of PfFB and has yeeted himself (and the Flammable Thing) down a vent.

Screeching Flammable Thing.

Mike kinda just stares down the vent. “what tHE fuCK-”

“If you stop questioning it, it stops being weird.” Casually lying to himself.

Mike does not believe the bean.

The bean doesnt believe himself either.

PfFB has been yeeted back to the office.

Demon is hiding.

Nightmare has self-yeeted back to the office.
Mike has successfully hacked into the company network and is now ransacking their databases.


And this is the point in which we move to another doc, for this doc is crying.

Yeah- so if you’re reading this- you’re on the wroooooooong doc.




https://docs.google.com/document/d/1_ueta78aKB0rx9KE7NClHDvTTrKvzg8Do8UpZgksRZE/edit This, my frens- is the right doc-


THE BASICS:
Build up your pizzeria (this is mostly for the easter eggs and there are a couple times you can get murdertronics
You flip over to the night after you finish this
The first night you have no animatronics
Every night you must complete tasks (order supplies, do maintenance, print things)
After each night you go to a seperate room and either: SALVAGE ANIMATRONIC or YEET ANIMATRONIC BACK INTO THE ALLEY
If you salvage an animatronic they are yeeted into the game, and you must deal with them in the night bit when you’re trying to survive (not when you’re building shit)




































I am losing my mind 
I have no idea what the world has come to but at some point I decided to write down, “Ink is a heccin’ SOUL vamp. Like, he can look all he want but to touch that heccer he gotta have ✨permission✨” and yes, the sparkles are there too. What the hecc is my brain. First fay and now vamps. What’s next, shapeshifters? Ah, wait, I’ve done that. Brain. W h y. 
I found this on one of my sticky note lists. Oh yeah and the only other thing on that sticky note is, “‘What was that noise. Did you just regurgitate a fetus? Actually, don’t answer that. I don’t want to know. Just keep your fetus away from me.’”
Also another sticky note that says “tell me your wisdom,” and then just ends mid-sentence and continues at the bottom with, “yesn’t, human’t” 
How high am I.
Help.
I wonder how long it’ll take for someone to see this-
“Use ✨M✨i✨c✨r✨o✨s✨o✨p✨h✨t✨ ✨P✨r✨o✨w✨e✨r✨p✨o✨i✨n✨t✨”
“Sunday: NO”
“*strange drawing of a (legless and half-finished) spider-snake-scorpion* It’s the SSS-“
“remember the crystal-cat thing? Yeah, take that, peel off it’s crystals, and make it a ✨calculator✨ oh yeah and make the dude cry it’s crystal children”
“Robots.”
“Why X? Because it sounds nice, Linda-“
“Inhale baking soda.”
“EAT BLUBWRRIES. ALL OF THEM.” 
“If a cow eats cheese, is that canablaism???” 
“HOLY MOTHER OF NEBULA (oh hey that’s a nice name for a diety-) MAKE HIM BLIND.” “And also a giant terrifying mutant named Sparkles” “...actually that’ll be the other lady’s thing.” “waiT MAKE QUILL BLIND YESSSSS” “hecc you, Sprinkles you don’t exist anymore.”
-a quick interruption brought to you by me not being able to read my own handwriting, because his name is most certainly not Quill. ...oh no I’ve lost his name—-
“Update: WHAT THE HECC IS DR. M’S NAME OH NO”
“Do. The. Math. Idiot. Stop. Looking. Up. Here.”
“✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨✨”
“uwo either looks disturbed or like it’s winking and I don’t want to know which.”
“STOP NAMING PEOPLE LYRA YOU UNCREATIVE LUMP OF CHEESE NUGGETS.”
“Oh no is Jing pronounced Gee-ing or Jishing?? Or just Zhing? HOW DO YOU SPELL THAT SOUND.”
“*grass lump next to an eyebrow* they have the same energy what the hecc.”
“N O O D L E.  N O S E.”
“Stop referring to you characters as ‘this dude’ and ‘that lady’ it makes it impossible to tell which story your talking about” -which is immediately followed by another sticky note slapped on top of it- “THE DUDE GOES TO THE PLACE ON THE Z-THING AND THE TILE-LADY GETS MAD” -which is followed by- “okay I know which story that is it’s not like I have more than one tile-lady.” -which is followed by- “NAME THE LETTER CATEGORIES YOU LIMP BANANA PEEL.” -and finally- “and don’t call them districts either, you already did that” -ah I found a loose part of this- “Actually get a plot for this please I am begging you-“
“Howms’t does one consume pickles in a orderly fashion???” 
“SIR THE CAMEL IS MALFUNCTIONING AGAIN” 
“Spinal fluid sounds like *taps spine spiggoit* ‘drink up’”
“SPIDER DANCE, SPIDER DANCE, DO DA DOO DA DA DA DOOT I DON'T REMEMBER THE WORDS SONG GET OoOooOoOoOoUT OF MY HEAD”
“That heat lamp over there looks like an alien life form that sees through radioactive particles.”
“ALEX STOP MAKING YOUR COMPUTER SUFFER THOSE FANS HAVE BEEN GOING FOR THREE HOURS NOW I SWEAR TO GODS—“
“Chonky chickin chickies.”
“✨d✨o✨o✨r✨n✨a✨i✨l✨s✨”
“How cool would it be if that guys whole thing was being able to consume and process knowledge?” -second slapped on Sticky note- “THAT MAKES SO MUCH MORE SENSE”
“Google fingernails”
“Blackened. Hands.”
“Op hey time for more physiological research-“ -which I’m pretty sure is a lost part of this chain of sticky’s- “what if, c h i l d.” “What if, ✨clinically insane child✨” “What if, ✨lonely child✨” “What if, Venom idea?” “Oh that’s actually rather nice. But what to make the parasite…” “bdjejwjwkwq what was the name uh- spARKLES SPARKLES IS THE VENOM.” “Wait so how badly mutated is he???” “Oh oh oh, better question, Does Sparkles cure the blindness?” “Nooooo he’s such a blind beannnn- qwp stop trying tO cUrE iT-“ “oh what if Sparkles is mutated because he can’t see and that’s what he thinks people look like-“ “OH HECC YEAH THIS IS A GOOD IDEA” “wait can he see Sparkles or not-?” -with another sticky note smacced on- “which. hE-” “Me, you do realize he’s blind, right? And which one is blind? Yeahhh. That one. So whO’s iT aBOut? ThaT oNE-” (I ended up using this but the name is different XD)
Okay that’s probably enough chaos for a little while- time to dispose of the evidence sticky notes-
Ah yes, procrastination at its finest- 
I have read this five times now and I swear my ideas during math class are better than literally any other time




